                                   Résumé

                              Stephen L. Favor
                             sfavor@onramp.net

                                  Summary

After years of participation  in the architecture, implementation, testing,
and support  of software products,  I have developed both  the personal and
the technical skills necessary  for successful application development. The
major disciplines in which  I have used my skills are graphical interfaces,
database architecture, and distributed  systems. Industries in which I have
completed   projects   include   academia,   petroleum   engineering,   and
telecommunications.

                                   Skills

Java (2 years),  JavaScript (1 year), C (10+ years), C++ (4 years), OOD/OOP
(6 years),  Client/Server (8 years), X Window System/Motif  (7 years), UNIX
(8 years), Windows  NT (3 years), Internet/Intranet Architecture (6 years),
HTML/CGI (3 years),  TCP/IP (6 years), SQL (5 years),  Assembly (15 years),
LISP (10 years). Solid experience with most development tools and libraries
including meta-HTML,  sh, csh, lex, yacc,  purify, perl, gnats, emacs, RCS,
CVS, threads,  sockets, JDBC, Solstice  HA, SNA, TLI, OSI,  ASN.1, and STL.
GUI skills  include XRT  widgets, ixBuild, XDesigner,  TeleUSE, and Builder
Accessory.  Platforms include  SunOS, Solaris,  RS/6000, SGI,  MIPS, Linux,
SCO, HP, Windows NT, Chorus, PSOS, OS/2, VMS, and DOS.

                          Professional Experience

The Dyskolos Project, August 1996 to present

     Research concerning the commonalities between message driven
     software and literary theory. This has mostly become centered on
     a comparison of Rumbaugh's OMT and narratology. The goal of this
     project is to construct a toolkit by which character types in
     genre fiction may be translated into objects in distributed
     software. Technically, it defines the software classes and
     programming methodology necessary to map an OMT dynamic model to
     Java or C++. Additionally, it defines how to implement
     aggregation, sequenced or repetitive method invocations, and an
     instance directory which lists all objects in an application.

Alcatel Network Systems, January 1997 to August 1997

     Analysis, trouble-shooting, and enhancement of a TCP service used
     to manipulate debugging resources on a cross-connect. Updated a
     single-user implementation on Chorus to a multi-threaded,
     multi-user server composed of cooperative applications running on
     Chorus and SunOS. The end product was used by both engineering
     and production facilities within Alcatel to speed the diagnosis
     of switch component failures.

     Design and implementation of a graphical interface for a
     cross-connect testing and debugging environment. The major roles
     of this GUI are to specify, manipulate and monitor the resources
     on the switch. To achieve this, custom X/Motif widgets were
     written to define and display every aspect of the cabinet from
     the control CPU down to the bits in ASIC registers.

Network Managers, November 1996 to March 1997

     Design and profitability testing of a high-availability system
     for Solaris and Windows NT platforms.

TCSI, September 1996 to January 1997

     Senior Engineer responsible for developing network management
     applications using the TCSI OSP (a precursor to CORBA) and NMFM
     tool kits. Worked with a team of engineers tasked to uncover and
     resolve interface problems between OSP and Solstice HA in a
     network provisioning system. Assisted in the design of interfaces
     using X/Motif, X-Designer, and Sybase embedded SQL to display and
     navigate TMN performance data.

Cygnus  Software/Free  Software Foundation,  July  1996  to September  1996

     Debugging and enhancement of the exception subsystem of the GNU
     C++ compiler. Added pre-RTTI polymorphic catches to the code.
     This involved extensive assembly debugging under Linux, AIX, and
     Solaris.

Intecom Inc., September 1994 to September 1996

     Staff Engineer responsible for the architecture of a system used
     to distribute management, event notifications, and services of a
     PBX. Rumbaugh's OMT was used to design the system which was
     implemented in C++. Target platforms included RS/6000, Linux,
     Windows NT, and OS/2 and each server was required to function
     using TCP/IP, SNA, and OSI protocols. This was used for several
     projects: an ANI routing service, CSTA emulation, ACD monitoring,
     and compatibility between various versions of the PBX's
     proprietary protocol. The design also included a database layer
     that provided uniform access to a heterogeneous environment of
     D-ISAM, C-Tree, in-memory, SQL, and PBX tables through a subset
     of SQL3.

DSC   Communications    Corporation,   June   1994    to   September   1994

     Created an event management system used to coordinate the user
     interfaces of a large service management system based on TCL,
     Motif, and CORBA.

Oryx Energy Company, February 1991 to June 1994

     Responsibilities included programming assignments and training
     Oryx staff concerning all levels of UNIX from network programming
     to user interfaces in Motif. Projects included several
     geophysical applications, a GUI for printing and plotting
     facilities, X11 server debugging, and dozens of utilities
     designed to meet specific internal needs. All projects were
     required to execute under SunOS 4.1, Solaris 2, AIX, and IRIX.

     Acted on a team which administered an intranet composed of over
     200 NCD, Sun, IBM, SGI, and windows workstations as well as a
     Cray super-computer and an Amdahl mainframe. Used early versions
     of the NCSA web server and Mosaic to distribute support
     information and obtain feedback from the Oryx user community.

GTE, January 1991 to February 1991

     Created a report generation mechanism in SQL and C for a large
     tariff cataloging system.

Mobil Design  and Research  Laboratory Corporation, March  1990 to December
1990

     Designed and developed a geophysical application. This included a
     user interface in X/Motif, inter-language and process
     communication, file handling scheme, speed optimized data
     structures, digitizing board and plotter interfaces, and a
     graphical editor for seismic data.

Electrocom   Automation,   Inc.,    September   1990   to   December   1990

     Designed and developed an embedded diagnostics package for a
     HD64180 based mobile computer terminal.

Tarrant County Junior College, March 1990 to April 1990

     Taught various continuing education courses for the computer
     science department.

University   of   Texas   at   Arlington,   May   1985   to   August   1989

     Designed and implemented a tracking system to maintain statistics
     on the usage of the science department's supplemental materials
     library. The finished product allowed multiple check-out stations
     distributed over an Appleshare network.

Interface   Development    Group,   January   1988    to   September   1988

     Assisted in a port of Quick C to HP UNIX.

Softkey Publishing, May 1984 to August 1985

     Free-lance writer for a journal specializing in software and
     hardware schemes used to prevent software piracy.

TPC Designs, January 1980 to September 1984

     Assistant to a petroleum engineer. Responsibilities included
     maintaining several Apple II and IBM PC computers as well as
     writing software in PASCAL and assembly.

                                 Education

University of Texas at Arlington

     Bachelor of Science, Math and Computer Science. Emphases were
     artificial intelligence, database constructs, and numerical
     analysis.

Golden Gate Seminary

     Post-graduate work in counseling. Emphases were on the use of
     group therapy to identify and resolve interpersonal conflicts
     within familial and other domestic groups.
