
                                                         2338 NE 32nd Ave.
            [Peter Hildebrandt, User-Centered Design]   Portland, OR 97212
                                                      peterwh@teleport.com

             What I Can Do for You

            I am a user-centered software designer / architect, which
            means that I design large and small software systems to fit
            the needs of real human beings. The usability of a product
            comes first, the internal architecture comes second.

            I am not seeking a full time position at this time. However,
            consulting inquiries are fine.

            I have put together a list of books I would recommend to
            anyone interested in learning more about user interface
            design.

             Experience

            January 1992 to Present
            Independent Software Consultant

   [Image]  Contracted to Intel Corp. (Hillsboro, OR) Peripheral Products
            Group to develop a highly visual Windows 98 control panel for
            a new line of perhiperals. Software was developed in
            combination of Visual Basic and C++ with MFC. (March 1999 to
            June 1999)

            Contracted to SoftBoard (Tigard, OR) to re-architect their
            software line for electronic whiteboards to use ActiveX and
            COM. Also designed and coded a phase lock loop (PLL) and color
            detection algorithm using MicroChip PIC processors and other
            embedded software using Intel 8052 processors. Wrote C++
            classes to integrate hardware and application software,
            designed hardware front panel layouts, and more. All
            documentation was written before any software was developed.
            (May 1998 to July 1999)

            Consultant to Intel Corp. (Hillsboro, OR) User-Centered Design
            Group to moderate and analyze results of nine focus groups
            about a new line of PC related products. (November 1998 to
            January 1999)

   [Image]  Contracted to Spectral Resources, Inc. (Woodstock, NY) to
            develop software for their clients to provide comparisons of
            drug prices and treatment regimens to HMOs. The software has
            about 50 screens of presentation and data entry that are
            designed for users not familiar with Windows. (August 1998 to
            present)

            Contracted to Instromedix, Inc. (Hillsboro, OR) to develop
            software and firmware for a pacemaker telemetry device.
            Software is written in 8051 assembler, C, and C++. (January
            1998 to August 1998)

   [Image]  Contracted to Extended Range Forecasting (Portland, OR) to
            develop software for their clients to obtain graphical and
            textual forecasts over the Internet. The InfoNet software
            presents a seamless graphical interface and uses FTP protocols
            and encryption to retrieve files. Developed numerous
            applications in Visual Basic 5.0. (February 1996 to May 1998)

            Contracted to a major sprinkler manufacturer to design a new
            Windows 98-based sprinkler control system family consisting of
            both hardware and software. Conducted user interviews for task
            analysis and feature/function tradeoffs, prototyped the
            software, and ran usability tests. Completed final design
            specification. Will consult during implementation to maintain
            usability in the software. (August 1995 to September 1998)

            Contracted to Learning Tree International (Reston, VA.) to
            teach Hands-On Windows Programming. Teach four-day classes on
            Microsoft Windows 95, Windows 3.1, and Windows NT application
            development in C and C++. Classes are taught all over the
            country and occasionally internationally. Edited their Visual
            Basic course and am currently technical editor for their
            Windows API course. Have submitted an outline to develop a
            course on user interface design. (March 1994 to present)

   [Image]  Developed software for use in City Of Portland, Traffic
            Engineering Dept. (Portland, OR) to synchronize their traffic
            signals and school crossing flashers to a common clock using
            pager technology. The Traffic Beacon software is now available
            for sale. (March 1997 to December 1997)

            Contracted to SoftBoard (Tigard, OR) to develop firmware for a
            new line of laser-based electronic whiteboards. Software is
            written in Intel 8052 assembler and MicroChip PIC processor
            assembler. (April 1997 to December 1997)

   [Image]  Consultant to Nike, Inc. (Beaverton, OR) as a user interface
            designer and usability specialist for their order handling
            system. (November 1996 to February 1997)

            Consultant to Intel Corp. (Hillsboro, OR) Intel Architecture
            Labs to provide user interface design, task analysis, and
            usability testing for their Electronic Commerce group.
            Responsible for long range thinking about how people want to
            handle money over the Internet. (October 1995 to June 1997)

   [Image]  Contracted to Co-Development Technologies, Inc. (Saratoga, CA)
            to design software for administering employee benefit kiosks
            and provide user interface design consulting for the kiosk
            software. The kiosks are Windows-based with full motion video
            and audio. (July 1995 to February 1996)

   [Image]  Contracted to Media Architects, Inc. (Portland, OR.) to
            develop a Visual Basic and Visual C++ graphical control,
            called ImageKnife/VBX, for image manipulation. The control can
            read and write all Microsoft Windows graphics file formats and
            perform many image processing and database operations. All
            software written in C and C++. The VBX control is now being
            sold by Borland International. (October 1992 to January 1993)
            Also recently completed a palette editor for their
            MediaKnife/OCX multimedia authoring tool. (February 1995 to
            August 1995)

            Consultant to FiTech Systems, Inc. (Greensboro, NC.) to guide
            them through rearchitecting their DOS-based mortgage tracking
            system, used by banking institutions, into Microsoft Windows
            95. (January 1995 to June 1995)

   [Image]  Contracted to Syntex Labs, Inc. (Palo Alto, CA.) and Roche
            Laboratories (Nutley, N.J.) to design four interactive
            software packages for doctors to compare the costs of specific
            pharmaceuticals. Each package has about 75 separate screens
            with active 3D graphs and color. Some are used throughout the
            world and support multiple monetary units. Designed to be easy
            for non-computer users to navigate. (November 1994 to July
            1997)

            Contracted to Sociometrics, Inc. (Los Altos, CA.) to design an
            interactive CD-ROM based viewer for statistics on family
            processes. The system provides textual, graphical, and audio
            information as well as interactive graphs of data to users.
            Software was written in Visual Basic using Access as the
            underlying database. (July 1994 to December 1994)

   [Image]  Contracted to CAChe Scientific, Inc. (now a subsidiary of
            Oxford Molecular) to re-architect their 3D molecular modeling
            system from the ground up and provide a new user interface.
            The goals were to make the system portable to platforms other
            than the Macintosh (such as Microsoft Windows) and bring the
            user interface up-to-date. Interviewed their customers and
            in-house staff to create the specification. Fleshed the
            specification out with numerous internal white papers.
            Produced a mockup of the final interface. Executed usability
            tests on both the mockup and final product and summarized the
            results. The new system is heavily based on the Microsoft
            Foundation Classes and C++. Authored a Windows Help system for
            the product. Was brought in earlier to develop a low-cost
            product line as well as firmware for an Apple Desktop Bus
            (ADB) version of their 3D trackball. (January 1992 to February
            1995)

   [Image]  August 1990 to September 1992
            Vice President, Engineering, Micro Forecasts, Inc., a weather
            forecasting firm in Portland, OR.

            Directed the company's engineering efforts. Co-founded the
            company and grew it from 3 people to 15 people in just two
            years. Designed and maintained a multi-processor PC-based
            solution for collection of weather data from satellites,
            weather sensors, and humans; processing the data through
            numerical models; and dissemination via voice, computer, and
            fax. The system used MS-DOS, Windows, OS/2, Novell Netware,
            and other third party packages. Designed over 70 independent
            software modules for everything from decoding human readable
            forecast information to looping satellite pictures, from
            maintaining real-time customer accounting information to
            dialing remote weather sensors. Most software was written in
            C. Much was written as Microsoft Windows applications. Heavily
            involved in implementing various telephone technologies from
            dedicated fiber optic T1 lines to automated voice response
            applications. Interacted with customers daily.

   [Image]  June 1985 to August 1990
            Senior Software Architect, Computer-Aided Chemistry (CAChe)
            Group and Tektronix Laboratories, Tektronix, Inc., a computer
            graphics and test and measurement company in Beaverton, OR.

            Software architect and project leader on a worksystem for
            scientific visualization of molecule data. The system was
            based on a Macintosh computer with a Motorola 88000 RISC
            processor accelerator. Directed an effort for formal software
            design with complete specifications, design documents and
            structured analysis. Tasks included setting schedules, doing
            performance reviews, teaching, resolving personal conflicts,
            obtaining equipment, instigating code reviews, preparing
            presentations and documentation, and writing software. Project
            software was combination of C, assembly language, and
            microcode. Designed and implemented a multiprocess display
            list manager handling 3D stereoscopic windows on the
            Macintosh. (Prototype was implemented in C under SCO 386
            XENIX.) Organized, supervised, and edited a 600 page
            Application Developer's Toolkit manual for external software
            developers. Directed discussions with engineering managers at
            Apple Computer to move their product line toward a more robust
            graphical model. Researched new methods of true 3D imaging
            while part of Tektronix Laboratories. Briefly headed the
            corporate-wide effort to incorporate stereoscopic displays
            into Tektronix products. Created an interactive stereoscopic
            art exhibit which was displayed at the Siggraph '87 Art
            Exhibit. Was half of two man team to design, build, and debug
            PC frame buffer hardware for stereoscopic viewing. Heavily
            involved in input device design and research for three
            dimensional applications. Represented Tektronix in numerous
            trade shows. Provided customer support both before and after
            sales. Hold patents on a three dimensional cursor and imaging
            models. Moved from Engineer II through Engineer III to Senior
            Engineer level in just over two years.

   [Image]  May 1985 to June 1990
            Weathergraphics Consultant

            Contracted to design and build a custom weathergraphics
            computer system for the local ABC affiliate, KATU. The system
            included a complete video effects box and a studio quality
            paint system and was on the air starting January, 1989. This
            system became the basis for a product that was installed in
            over 100 television stations around the world, including two
            major networks.

            Also consulted for various companies and television stations
            on hardware and software for weather graphics. Wrote numerous
            utilities for a weathergraphics workstation which was
            installed in over 50 television stations nationwide. Trained
            weathercasters, artists and reporters how to use the system.
            Designed and implemented a drawing board which allows the
            talent to electronically "draw" on the maps while on the air.

   [Image]  December 1982 to May 1985
            Software Engineer, Vectrix Corporation, a computer graphics
            hardware company in Greensboro, NC.

            Designed and implemented a video paint system in 8088
            assembler for IBM compatible computers. Developed and
            implemented a weathergraphics workstation. Developed a fast
            complex flood fill algorithm in assembler which was built into
            ROM. Wrote an MS-DOS device driver for graphics I/O. Wrote
            technical manuals and edited product manuals. Provided
            technical sales support at major customer sites. Represented
            Vectrix at numerous national computer shows.

            October 1982 to February 1983
            Contract Programmer, Geo-Based Systems, specializing in
            computer cartography systems, based in Raleigh, NC.

            Wrote and debugged a device driver for the Calcomp 1051
            plotter in FORTRAN 77 on a PDP 11/23. Also debugged map legend
            generation software.

            Summer 1981 and Summer 1982
            Programmer, Precision Visuals Inc., a computer graphics
            software firm in Boulder, CO.

            Debugged and enhanced their device- and machine-independent
            graphics package, DI-3000. Developed a thick line drawing
            algorithm for vector devices which was installed in most of
            their device drivers. Gave technical courses. Developed device
            drivers for various graphics devices. Wrote numerous demo
            programs. Built four terminals. All software written in
            FORTRAN and VAX DCL under VMS.

            August 1981 to May 1982 Wrote various computer graphics
            software for the Computer Graphics Center, North Carolina
            State University, Raleigh, N.C., including anti-aliasing for a
            3D modeling package and animation for a video for IBM. All
            software written in FORTRAN under VMS.

            October 1981 Wrote a video arcade game called Star Trap for
            the TRS-80 microcomputer in Z80 assembler. Game had real time
            animation, graphics, and sound. Rights to the game sold to
            Screen Play Software, Inc., Chapel Hill, NC.

            Summer 1980 Maintained and supported terminal and
            communications equipment for the Academic Computer Center,
            University of North Carolina at Greensboro.

            October 1979 to February 1980 Wrote statistical analysis
            software for research on the State of North Carolina's
            Competency Testing Program for secondary schools while
            contracted to the School of Education, University of North
            Carolina at Greensboro.

            1977 to 1984 Various contract programming and hardware
            interfacing jobs including:

               * writing software for analyzing the cost effectiveness of
                 installing insulation in homes.
               * writing firmware to convert terminals to VT52 emulation.
               * designing and building a buzzer system for a television
                 game show.
               * interfacing printers to microcomputers.
               * building a 300 baud modem and tape reader.

             Education

            B.S. in Electrical Engineering, 1985. Graduated Summa Cum
            Laude with 4.0 of 4.0 in major, North Carolina State
            University, Raleigh, N.C. 27650. Specialization in VLSI
            design, telecommunications and digital logic.

             Honors and Activities

   [Image]  Currently hold two patents. An active member in the IEEE and
            the ACM. Program Co-Chair of CHIFOO (The Computer-Human
            Interaction Forum of Oregon, an ACM SIG). Member of Tau Beta
            Pi (an engineering honor society) and Eta Kappa Nu (an
            electrical engineering honor society). Listed in Who's Who in
            the World and the Dictionary of International Biography. Play
            jazz and classical string bass in numerous symphony orchestras
            and restaurants about town. Enjoy playing racquetball,
            volleyball, and juggling. Regularly volunteer time to Habitat
            for Humanity to renovate houses for the needy.

             References

            Solid references are available upon request.

             More Information?

            Simply send e-mail , and I'll give you a call.

            You may also want to see my home page, for an example of some
            designs.

            peterwh@teleport.com
