                                   Emery Lapinski
                                1333 Thomas Ave #22
                                San Diego, CA 92109
                               e-mail: ewl@panix.com
                                phone: 619.270.1728

                                  Career History
 Nicholas-Applegate Capital Management (via Cafésoft), San Diego, CA Jan 97-Feb 99
   Designed and implemented internal Java applets and middleware.
   Designed and implemented Java applet for report management project
   using JDBC for Sybase and CGI scripts to generate reports with
   Platinum InfoReports. Designed and implemented Java applet and server
   for program trading group using CORBA and JDBC for Sybase. Currently
   working with Middleware group to support application development.
 General Instrument (via Technology Locator Corp), San Diego, CA     Dec 95-Dec 96
   Lead GUI designer/developer of network management software for a
   cable-modem project using SNMP to manage head-end equipment. Initial
   development was done in Galaxy/C++; later development was done in Java
   and designed to run as an applet. Attended the 1996 NCTA trade show as
   a representative of GI.
 GTE/TSI (via Computer Professional Staffing), Tampa, FL             May 95-Nov 95
   Member of a team developing the ChurnManagerapplication. Helped design
   aspects of the GUI. Implemented custom widgets and developed various
   dialogs in Galaxy/C for the Windows and Windows NT platforms.
   Connected dialogs to a database server via a network communications
   layer written on top of Galaxy Distributed Application Services (DAS).
 Morgan Guaranty Trust Company, New York, NY                         May 94-Mar 95
   GUI technical development team member helping build a library of GUI
   extensions in Galaxy/C for use on SunOS, MS-Windows, and Macintosh
   platforms. Responsibilities also include internal consulting to
   application developers needing GUI design advice and programming
   assistance. Projects include enhancing a report generation tool and
   assisting in the development of a touchpad-based trading application.
 Fuji Capital Markets Corp, New York, NY                             Apr 93-May 94
   Maintained and added features to a system used by traders to price
   swaps and access database information. The application was written in
   C for Sun workstations running SunOS 4.1.x. Helped redesign and
   rewrite the user interface of the application in Galaxy/C++.
 Loan Pricing Corp, New York, NY                                     Jul 92-Mar 93
   Rewrote and optimized a program, written in C for MS-DOS, that
   installed and updated data at customer sites. Also wrote a report
   generation subroutine in C++ and ISAM for the loan browsing
   application the company was developing. In addition, helped with
   system administration of two Hewlett-Packard computers running Unix
   and provided user support for customers.

                                     Education
 New York University, New York, NY                                   Sep 89-May 92
   B.A. in Computer Science, May 92
   Major G.P.A.: 3.5 Overall: 3.0
 Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN                               Sep 88-May 89

                                      Skills
 Primary: Java, JDBC, RMI; CORBA; Unix (mainly Sun and Linux); Internet and WWW.
 Secondary: C++ and C; HTML and CGI scripts; perl, Windows & Windows NT.
