                         Resumé of David McPherson

                       David_McPherson@compuserve.com
[Image]
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Employment History

   * Cara Corporation, Oak Brook, IL Software Engineer (1994 - Present)
     Engaged in several projects for the Engineering and Scientific Systems
     group.

   * microSys Corporation, Baltimore, MD & Chicago, IL Owner/Consultant
     (1991 - 1994)
     Started consulting firm with two employees. Responsible for developing
     contacts, managing projects, and application development.

   * Interior Elements Inc., Columbia, MD MIS Manager (1989 - 1991)
     Managed a Novell network of forty users. Managed and developed custom
     business applications to aid in new business development.

   * Westinghouse Electric Corporation, Linthicum, MD Systems Analyst (1988
     - 1989)
     Aided in the design and development of PC-EPIC, the Electronic Systems
     Group DOS-based software system for creating and submitting all radar
     defense quotations.

   * HCIA, Inc., Baltimore, MD Systems Analyst (1987 - 1988)
     Developed several financial systems for investor clients.

Project Details

   * Designed and developed font classes for VideoJet, a manufacturer of
     high speed ink jet printers for mass mailings. The classes parsed
     proprietary printer font files and created Windows fonts for WYSIWYG
     display during the editing process. Used Microsoft Visual C++ 4.x and
     MFC for the development of a Windows NT application.

   * Developed word processor templates for the creation of presentation
     index documents for ACCO USA. The templates offer menu driven tools to
     format a document to print on the Wilson Jones line of indexes.
     Developed macros using the Microsoft Word 2.0, 6.0, and 7,0,
     WordPerfect 6.0, 6.1, 7.0, Ami Pro 3.x, and Word Pro macro languages.
     Used Microsoft Visual C++ to add functionality not supported by the
     macro languages. Created an installation program using InstallShield
     and a help file using Visual Help Pro.

   * Aided in the development of ScreenPlay, a component of a suite of
     tools that are distributed with Zenith's new line of cable set-top
     boxes. Cable television providers use the tool to create interactive
     dialogs that are periodically downloaded to their entire customer base
     to aid in program selection, as well as provide new features
     previously unavailable to the conventional cable customer. The
     software enables the author to create the screens using a what-
     you-see-is-what-you-get (WYSIWYG) interface. The editor provides tools
     to enter text and graphics using methods similar to the popular paint
     packages available on the PC. The author can also compose the "flow"
     of the menus by entering scripts that respond to the key selections on
     the viewer's remote control. Once a full dialog is completed the
     resulting data file is compiled into machine code which executes on
     the set-top box's processor. The Windows-based authoring software was
     developed using Watcom C using their 32-bit Windows supervisor and the
     Window's Software Development Kit (SDK). The application is targeted
     for 386/486 processors and is network aware. This feature permits a
     group of authors to work as a team to develop a final dialog.

   * Designed and developed an assembly line administration and control
     system for Advance Transformer, a large transformer and ballast
     manufacturer. This application was coded for the Microsoft Windows
     operating system using Microsoft Visual C++ and MFC. The system
     interfaced with multiple processors through a VME bus architecture.
     Communication between the host processor and an Allen Bradley PLC
     5/40v enabled the application to control part changeovers and line
     index speed, as well as monitor line operating mode changes, station
     cycle times, and diagnostic warnings and errors. A link to a RadiSys
     EPC-6 processor that was operating as a quality control test system
     was utilized to setup test parameters and collect test result data.
     The software also maintained databases for part specifications, test
     parameters, test results, run and shift piece counts, and complete
     activity logs. Two printers were also connected using RS-232
     communication protocols.

   * Developed a DOS-based quality control test system for testing
     individual units for Advance Transformer. The application interfaced
     with a digital I/O board to set input relays to the test head and read
     values from custom analog to digital conversion modules. A GPIB
     connection was used to set output voltages to the test head. This
     application was written in Microsoft Visual C++.

   * Created MicroPost, a Windows-based client and administration software
     for electronic mail distribution system for PostGEM, a division of the
     Irish postal authority. The complete system consisted of five
     components which included: (1) a Microsoft Word document template and
     supporting macros to allow users to create mailing lists and form
     letters for transmission to the local PostGEM hub using X400 EDI
     format, (2) a Window's Dynamic Link Library (DLL) written in C to
     provide user interface and database functions not possible within
     Microsoft Word, (3) a Window's executable written in C to manage
     communications between the local user and the hub, (4) a Word document
     template and macros to allow hub administrators to view received
     documents for printing and automatic enveloping, (5) a Window's DLL to
     enhance the administration software.
     PostGEM MicroPost Page

   * Designed and developed DDE link between Sharkware, a commercially
     available Personal Information Manager (PIM) system from CogniTech,
     and the three major word processors for report and letter creation.
     This system featured extensive use of DDE execute and request
     functions using the C language. Developed macros for Microsoft Word
     6.0, WordPerfect 6.0, and Ami Pro.
     Sharkware Page

   * Responsible for system configuration, RS-232 communication protocols,
     and DDE sections of In-Touch for Windows, a commercially available EDI
     software package from Harbinger using the C++ language. Developed
     RS-232 section for modem control.

   * Aided in the development of a test result tracking system for
     Northwest Hospital, a large suburban hospital, using the Microsoft
     Foundation Classes (MFC) and C++. Interfaced with Access databases
     through ODBC.

   * Designed and developed project management and time record keeping
     systems for an association management firm. System interfaced with
     both Microsoft Project for project management, and Accounting Vision
     accounting software. This system was created using the Microsoft
     Foundation Classes and C++ using object-oriented design.

   * Aided in the development of a Windows-based test processing system for
     a large textbook publishing firm using the C language. The primary
     component was a DLL that printed tests using custom font creation and
     PCX routines. Also communicated with Windows fax software by issuing
     DDE commands.

   * Designed and developed several systems for the contract furniture
     industry. These included: Accounts Management, Lead and Project
     Tracking, Quote/Order Processing, and Inventory Control. Systems
     interfaced with Platinum accounting software. Systems were developed
     using the C language and Visual Basic using Btrieve as the database
     manager.

   * Developed printer control system for management of printer connections
     on a Novell network. Utilized MFC and Windows hook functions.

   * Developed data modeling program for the University of Chicago P.H.D.
     program which displayed Chernoff faces and stars based on data input.
     Utilized custom controls and Windows GDI functions for graphic output.

   * Designed and developed DOS-based job search system for the Wharton
     Business School at the University of Pennsylvania.

   * Developed a DOS-based equipment maintenance tracking system for Lake
     County (IL) Division of Transportation. System communicated with gas
     pump hardware using RS-232 communication.

   * Developed AutoCAD-based specification system , and ArchiBus-based
     asset management system with barcoding.

   * Provided programming, hardware installation and support services for
     HCIA, a large health care information firm. Responsible for design and
     implementation of on-line HP-3000 health care and demographic database
     systems.

Operating Systems

   * MS-DOS, Microsoft Windows 3.xx (16-bit), Microsoft Windows 95
     (32-bit), Microsoft Windows NT (32-bit), OS/2 2.0, Hewlett Packard
     MPE-XL.

Programming Languages and Tools

   * Visual C++, Borland C++, Watcom C, Visual Basic, Pascal, HP 3000
     COBOL, MicroFocus COBOL, Microsoft Foundation Classes (MFC), Btrieve,
     ODBC, CodeBase, AllBase SQL, Novell SQL, Raima, Access, dBase IV,
     Paradox, WordBASIC, QuickBASIC, Ami Pro and WordPerfect Macro
     Languages, LISP, Prolog, PVCS version control, Brief editor, Greenleaf
     COMM++ library.

Education

   * Loyola College, Baltimore, MD (May 88)
     Bachelor of Science in Computer Science. GPA of 3.5 on a 4.0 scale.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Return to other interests page
Return to main page
