
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
_CHAFF
                              MICHAEL MOCIOIU
                         822 Roselawn Avenue, #305
                         Toronto, Ontario, M6B 1B4
                            Phone: 416-783-2034
                         E-mail: dmocioiu@sprint.ca

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

OBJECTIVE

To seek a challenging position as a Programmer/Software Developer
(Intermediate Level) within a growth-oriented organization, where my
programming skills will be utilized to their full potential.

                                 HIGHLIGHTS

       Excellent programming abilities and interface design skills.
   Experience with FTP and compression programs, icon editors, graphics,
         word-processing, spreadsheets and communication programs.
        Hard-worker, creative, sociable and a good sense of humor.
  Highly analytical, well-organized and ability to work effectively under
              pressure in order to meet deadline constraints.

TECHNICAL SUMMARY

Programming Languages: C, C++, MFC, Basic, Lingo, SQL, SGL Touch-Talk.
Development Tools: Visual C++ 4,5,6; Visual Basic 3,4,5,6; Seagate Crystal
Info; Macromedia Director 6.
Databases: MS Access, MS SQL Server, SQL Sybase.
Platforms: Windows NT Server & Workstation, Windows 95&98, Windows 3.1,
Unix.

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

January 1999 - present, Software Developer at an Oakville, Ontario based
company
Presently working in development of database applications for
telemanagement. (Visual Basic, MFC, MS Access, SQL Server).

June 1998 - December 1998, Programmer/Software Developer -
(consultant/contractor) at Rogers Shared Services, Markham, Ontario
Performed systems development and database administration for the existing
Cantel VRU Report Server. This system has a SQL Sybase Anywhere back-end
and the front-end is done using Visual C++ 5.0.
Responsibilities: tracing and debugging existing programs, creating new
report applications, dealing with the Business Analyst and with the
end-user.
Designed a SQL Server 6.5 database for collecting and tracking the network
information; developed a client-server application using Visual Basic 5.0
to access and modify the database.
Used Seagate Crystal Info to generate custom reports.
Created software documentation for the VRU Cantel Credit Card Balance
Inquiry and Payment System by tracing the .sgl and .hgl files under UNIX
platform.
Performed Y2K compliance analysis for the VRU Cantel system.
Environment: IBM-PC compatibles; Windows NT Server&Workstation, Unix,
Windows 95

1997 - June 1998, Programmer/Software Developer at NTG International Inc.,
Markham (Ontario)
Project: POP Database.
Designed and developed a client-server application (ODBC using DAO) using
Visual Basic 5.0 as a front-end and MS SQL Server 6.5 as a back-end to
store the information and access the Metronet Toronto Building POP
Implementation database.
Project: Network Information Database.
Designed and developed an Access 97 database for tracking the countrywide
network information: site information, machine information (ACD, PBX, VRU,
Voice Mail, general and detailed information), contact information.
Connected the database with the Visio network diagrams. Generated custom
reports. Performed an Intranet Web publishing of the database using Visual
Basic scripts and SQL.
Project: Contact Management Access 97 application.
Designed the tables and the relationships. Tested the logical design using
queries. Designed the forms. Wrote code using Access Basic and SQL.
Generated reports.
Project: Interactive game for children
Worked as part of a team in designing and developing a Multimedia
application - Interractive Game for children (using Macromedia Director 6
and Lingo Script Programming).
Environment: IBM-PC compatibles; Windows NT Server, Unix, Windows 95

EDUCATION

1996-1997
Programmer Analyst Diploma
CDI College of Business and Technology, Toronto, Ontario

1988-1993
Master of Science in Engineering
Faculty of Fine Mechanics, Optical/Electronically option
Technical University Timisoara, Romania

1983-1987
Computer Operator and Programmer Analyst Certificate
Computers High School, Timisoara, Romania

REFERENCES Available upon request.

Back to my home page
