Brooke L. Nielsen

email: bln@umn.edu

Word 97 version of resume

Education
University of Minnesota, Twin Cities
Masters of Science in Software Engineering; Expected Spring 2000.

University of Minnesota, Twin Cities
Bachelor of Science in Astrophysics; Spring 1998.

MacPhail School of Music, Minneapolis MN.
Guitar with blues emphasis, performing ensembles.
1990-1996

Publications
*"Atomic Structure of Solid and Liquid Polyethylene Oxide," J.A. Johnson,
M.-L. Saboungi, D.L. Price, S. Ansell, T.P. Russell, J.W. Halley, and B.
Nielsen, Chem. Phys. 109, 16 (1998). PDF Postscript
*"Simulation Studies of Polymer Electrolytes for Battery Applications,"
J.W. Halley and B. Nielsen, University of Minnesota Supercomputing
Institute Research Report UMSI 98/211, December 1998. Publication in press.

Work Experience

Maxim Group
February 1999 - present
Consultant

   * Currently at Deluxe Corp. as a contract programmer. Programming in
     Java using Visual Age for Java.

University of Minnesota
Enterprise Web Development Team
January 1997 - January 1999
Lead Analyst/Programmer

   * Developing student/staff self-service web applications using Java into
     Peoplesoft HRSA v7.0
   * Programming in Java, perl, sh for web based applications.
   * Peoplesoft development.
   * Data modeling and DB application development.
   * Manage technical team members.

Ulysses Telemedia Networks
March 1996 to January 1997
Sr Software Engineer

   * Lead large scale software development primarily in java. Applications
     include intranet groupware, foundation classes, and applications aimed
     at the network computer.
   * Primary developer of the Odyssey Software Suite. Web-based groupware
     written in perl and c, including a calendar, personal contact manager
     and a reminder system. Software in use by companies such as 3M and
     Motorola. Software package received 5 stars by PC Magazine.
   * Complete systems integration for sun and sgi system networks. Set up
     and configure routers, csu/dsu, hubs. Build and install software
     including sendmail 8.6.1 and sendmail 8.7.5, dns setup and
     administration, usenet news, web server with multiple virtual domain
     hosting.
   * Provide systems administration for ulysses' unix machines (SGI & SUN).
     DNS, www, NIS+, autoclient, sendmail.

Computer and Information Services, University of Minnesota
August 1994 to March 1996
Applications Programmer

     Web site development involving large data exchanges between many
     departments. Web work included standard cgi-bin utilities, custom
     database development and web interface design, web page design and
     planning including many online publications, and sites at the
     University.

     Projects included:
        o The Office of the Registrar homepage; designed and programmed
          many cgi scripts including an online interactive course search,
          design and implementation of the underlying database the search
          queries in unix dbm format, gpa computer, course planner and
          database, course book search including underlying database, and
          the graduation computer. In use today by over 10,000 students.
        o The Kiosk Publication; developed all the cgi programs in perl,
          including online classified postings, editorial submission, and
          calendar.
        o Programming and design behind the main University of Minnesota
          web pages.
        o Online x500 student/staff directory which queries x500 through a
          WWW form and returns public student/staff information.
        o Online x500 change forms which allow for a student or staff
          member to update and change their directory and account
          information in the University of Minnesota X.500 Database,
          through a web interface. Developed x500 management tools, which
          allow privileged users to update and change the x500 information
          for students and staff. This is used by all University of MN
          coordinate campuses.

     Other duties included web server administration, software development
     in perl, and c for the department as well as other departments and the
     University as a whole. Provided software services for unix, mac, pc,
     windows, and novell to University departments including software
     installation, technical support, and networking solutions. Performed
     system administration tasks including system security, and maintained
     over 120,000 accounts .

Independent Computer Consulting
Networking Wizards
May 1995 - March 1996

     Worked with the company's clients on a variety of tasks, including SCO
     Unix system administration, custom software development for the SCO
     Unix environment, and custom web cgi programming in a unix
     environment.

Department of Astronomy, University of Minnesota
December 1994 to July 1995
Undergraduate Research Assistant

     Worked with digitized data from the automated plate scanner (APS) in a
     unix environment. Duties included running the data through a series of
     calibration and classification scripts, identification of the stars in
     the data with known stars from a star catalog, removing bad images
     from the data, and final reduction of the data into the starbase
     online catalog.

College of Education, University of Minnesota
April 1994 to October 1994
Network Consultant

     Provided technical support for the College of Education's network.
     Duties included administrating a College of Ed. appletalk server,
     monitoring the computer lab, software installation, network set up for
     novell, pc and macintosh, hardware installation, and onsite technical
     support for faculty and staff.

Independent Computer Consulting
Baker Bearing, Inc.
January 1995 - March 1996

     Provided consulting on novell network, novell workstation setup,
     software installation, hardware installation, backup services.

Department of Physics, University of Minnesota
September 1992 to June 1993
Jr. Scientist Trainee

     Studies of the interactions of relativistic heavy nuclei with
     particular emphasis on the influence of these interactions on the
     abundances of the nuclei in the cosmic radiation. Scanned nuclear
     emulsions of high energy gold beams for interactions, used data to
     calculate mfp and other properties of gold at particular energy
     levels. Built targets to be used in future experiments at CERN.

[Image]
[Last updated 4/7/98]

The views and opinions expressed in this page are strictly those of the
page author.
The contents of this page have not been reviewed or approved by the
University of Minnesota.
