 Dan Ormes
  Software/Media Design and Production


 Contact         Address   9301 S.W. 92nd Ave., #C-409, Miami, FL 33176
 Information
                 Phone   H(305) 274-2059, W(305) 569-1421
                 Email   dormes@gate.net

 Summary            * Five Years Experience in the Design and Production
                      of Consumer Software.
                    * Experience Designing, Specing and Prototyping
                      Software Projects.
                    * Experience with Scheduling and Management of
                      Production Teams.
                    * Extensive Use of Software, Development Tools, and
                      Internet Resources.
                    * Creative, Team-Oriented Disposition.

 Current Skills  Software  Windows 95, Windows 3.1, Macintosh OS,
                 Microsoft Project, Visual Basic, Visual C++, Photoshop,
                 Quark Xpress, RoboHelp, Corel Draw, Fractal Imaging,
                 Macromedia Director.
                 Internet  Extensive use of Internet environment,
                 technologies, content, applications, browsers, HTML
                 editing, image formats and tools.
                 General  Excellent writing and communication skills.
                 Fluent in spanish.

 Experience      Expert Software, Coral Gables, FL.
                 1993-Present.
                 www.expertsoftware.com
                 Sr. Product Manager/Producer, Development

                 Designed and produced over twelve consumer software
                 titles for retail software company including children's
                 software for McDonald’s Corporation.

                 Duties include most facets of software development, from
                 product concept and design through final mastering
                 process.  Responsible for scheduling and managing
                 programmers and art teams in a fast-paced publishing
                 environment to ensure a timely delivery of finished
                 products (typical project development cycle for
                 "ground-up" projects: under five months).

                 Personal expertise with the design and implementation of
                 Graphical User Interface designs and creative artistic
                 direction for projects.  Documentation experience covers
                 writing and layout of printed manuals, preparation of
                 on-line help files, and feature box-copy. Experience
                 with the installation, testing, and mastering
                 process.

                 Current responsibilities include establishing
                 production, documentation, and publishing standards for
                 the department, strategic product planning, and resource
                 management.

                 Highlight titles produced include McDonaldland Card
                 Workshop, Expert Greeting Card Maker, Calendar Shop,
                 Coral Reef ScreenSaver, Stationery Shop, and Expert
                 Astrologer.
                 To view screen shots and samples of these titles, click
                 here

                 Capstone Software (IntraCorp, Inc.), Miami, FL.
                 1992-93.
                 Product Manager, Marketing

                 Responsibilities included Package Design, Box Copy,
                 Promotions and Sales Analysis for computer game software
                 publisher.  Produced promotional material targeted to
                 buyers and retailers, including sell-sheets,
                 advertising, and special channel promotions. Created
                 strategic marketing plans for software titles including
                 advertising plans, product demos, box promotions,  press
                 releases, and assisted as liaison to magazine
                 reviewers.

                 Managed core-product line for licensed products.
                 Products managed include Terminator II Chess Wars, Trump
                 Castle 3, Bridge Master, and Discoveries of the Deep.

                 Sources Miami, Coral Gables, FL. 1992.
                 Marketing

                 Coordinated marketing efforts for Sports Marketing firm
                 involved with the Don Shula Foundation and the NFL's
                 National Quarterback Club Association.

                 Florida Bookstore, Computer Department, University of
                 Florida, Gainesville, FL 1988-89.
                 Computer Sales

                 Handled hardware and software sales for campus-based
                 computer store.  Represented store at local computer
                 shows.

                 Hamilton, Taylor, Griffith & Fields, P.A., Miami, FL.
                 1986-88.
                 Data Processing

                 Responsible for data processing and MIS functions of a
                 Certified Public Accounting firm.

 Education       B.A. University of Florida, English.  Minor Business
                 Administration, 1990.
                 Florida International University, 1987.

 Interests       Scuba Diving, Soccer, Computers, Mountain Biking,
                 Skiing, Travel, Music.

 Work Samples    Click here to view samples of current work.


