                              ANDREY D. PETROV
            Iljicha Str. 19 kv. 19, Novosibirsk 630090, Russia.
      Phone: office (7-3832) 11-97-59, e-mail: andrey_petrov@usa.net

OBJECTIVE

Software development for a wide range of application, system analysis and
RDBMS implementation.

BACKGROUND

Six years of experience in system analysis, software development,
installation, configuration and troubleshooting. Experience in distributed
databases programming and maintenance.

TRAINING AND EDUCATION

September 1986 — April 1994 (except of the army service in 1987-1989):
Moscow Institute of Engineering Physics; Moscow, Russia.
Automatics & Electronics Dept.: MSEE degree with high honors.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Computer hardware:

     IBM PC compatibles (ISA, PCI), data acquisition and control systems
     hardware (CAMAC, GPIB, RS232, PCI).

Operating systems and environments:

     Windows NT 4.0, Windows 95/98, MS DOS, NetWare 3.12, BSDI UNIX.

Networking:

     TCP/IP (sockets, winsock), IPX/SPX, MS Windows networking, DNS and
     SMPT configuration, FTP, Telnet.

Professional tools and programming languages:

   * Delphi 1-4, InstallShield 3, InterBase 4 tools, DBExplorer 3;
     MSOffice;
   * proficient in Object Pascal, C++, SQL-92, PL/SQL, Visual Basic , Java,
     Fortran 77, assembler Intel x86;
   * extensive knowledge of InterBase 4, Paradox 7, MS Access; basic
     knowledge of Oracle 8.

Task and procedures:

     Object oriented analysis, design and programming, including COM
     programming. Distributed RDBMS development. Specific hands-on
     experience in client-server technology. System documentation.

WORKING EXPERIENCE

Dec. 1996 to present :

Senior system engineer in “SHERL” Transport Group Ltd.

(medium-size private transportation company); Novosibirsk, Russia.

     Responsible for system analysis and system policy planning, software
     development for industrial purposes, collaboration and task definition
     to third-party programmers, consulting of system adminstrators on
     custom software installation, implementation and troubleshouting.

     The principal project is Corporate Service Accounting System
     (distributed client-server database application).

   * Designed the structure of database and wrote SQL script for database
     generation (InterBase 4; about 20 main tables, 30 stored procedures
     and 60 triggers).
   * Developed data server (Windows 95/98 and Windows NT 4; used Delphi 3,
     COM, BDE, InterBase 4).
   * Developed a visual query builder with specific graphic interface for
     unskilled users, provided generation of arbitrary query to database
     (Windows 95; used Delphi 3, BDE, Interbase 4).
   * Designed an Internet server, provided access to database, corporate
     billboard and electronic mail (ISAPI application for Microsoft IIS 3.0
     on Windows NT 4.0; used Delphi 3, BDE, Interbase 4, stored procedures
     and Java scripts) — this work is not completed yet.
   * Wrote User Guides.

Mar. 1996 – Dec. 1996:

Junior system engineer in “SHERL” Transport Group Ltd.".

     LAN administration and small application programming, software and
     hardware installation and troubleshooting; e-mail systems
     configuration; antivirus protection, backup, installation of
     interoffice links and WAN connections.

   * Designed several database applications on Microsoft Access and Delphi
     2 (RDBMS: Paradox 7 and Interbase 4).
   * Designed special graphic editor to process diagrams of load stowage in
     railway wagons (Windows 95; used Delphi 2).

Mar. 1994 - Mar 1996:

Junior researcher in Budker Institute of Nuclear Physics (BINP);

Novosibirsk, Russia.

     High-speed digital transient recorders development in CAMAC and GPIB
     for scientific and industrial application. Software design for testing
     and adjustment of acquisition systems. Printed circuit board design.
     Specific hands-on experience in ECL, high-speed CMOS and programmed
     logic devices implementation.

   * Developed two families of 10-ns digital oscilloscopes (ADC AD9002),
     software kit for these devices (MS DOS, used Pascal 7) and technical
     documentation. About 200 of units have been made in BINP electronic
     plant.

Feb. 1993 – Mar.1994:

Part-time employment in BINP.

     Masters thesis project: "Development of 10-ns Transient Recorder Using
     ADC AD9002". Responsible for hardware development for data acquisition
     and control systems (in CAMAC), software development and printed
     circuit board design.

PERSONAL

Birth date: 27 November 1968.

Nationality Russian; citizen and resident of Russian Federation.

Marital status married (with one child).

Languages Russian (native), English (fluently); Portuguese, German and
French (reading and writing knowledge).

PREFERABLE WORK

Full-time employment or long-term contract worldwide.

REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
