Desired Location:      San Francisco, Japan, South East Asia.
Desired Rate:            $120/hr on contracts.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mark Pilyavsky
2199 California Street #4
San Francisco, CA 94115
(415) 929 - 7305
Email: pilyavsky@hotmail.com

Expertise

C, SYBASE SQL, PERL,  FORTRAN; ATOM, UG, PHIGS, X-Windows, CYRANO,
DBArtisan; UNIX, Digital UNIX/OSF, SUNOS/Solaris, HP-UX, AIX, IRIX, Windows
NT; DEC ALPHA, SUN, IBM/Bull, HP, SGI, Intergraph, Apple.

Experience

Independent Consultant., April 1998 - Present

   * For Nations Banc/Montgomery Securities - Working on a complete
     replication/fail-over strategy of a international trade settlement
     system Wilco/Gloss. This implementation is based on Sybase Replication
     Server. Tuning, performance and DBA tasks have been accomplished as
     part of this project.

   * For TCW Group - Developed database monitoring/notification system,
     which monitored all Sybase SQL Servers present at TCW. This system
     monitored 8 critical aspects of each Sybase SQL Server. The
     implementation was done using UNIX shell scripts, and Sybase stored
     procedures. Implemented emergency database recovery strategy, for
     production Sybase databases. This strategy utilized Sybase Replication
     and complete fail-over procedures for recovery of user and system
     databases. Redesigned database backup/recovery scripts to log errors,
     and be consistent/robust across all servers. Performance improvements,
     documentation of all Sybase servers.

Nicholas Applegate Capital Management., January 1997 - March 1998
Sr. Database Administrator/Sr. Database Developer

   * Duties included database performance, backups, and consistency checks
     via UNIX shell scripts and AUTOSYS. Further duties included
     installing, and using database products such as CYRANO, DesktopDBA,
     Patrol, etc.. Other duties included upgrading Sybase System10 to
     System11, maintaining database users and permissions, evaluating
     database products and most importantly dealing with database related
     problems. Lastly my duties included support of production data feeds
     coming from various data vendors such as SHAW and SECAPL.
   * As a database developer my focus was on the development and
     modification of our Accounting system. This Accounting system was
     based on the daily data feeds, coming from our data vendors such as
     SHAW and SECAPL. My responsibility was to write and enhance this
     system using PERL and SYBASE SQL.

Sybase Software Corporation., April 1996 - December 1996
Performance Engineer

   * Worked in the SQL server performance group. Duties included tuning the
     Sybase system 11 server for various benchmarks, such as TPC-C. Much of
     the benchmarking involved, various hardware vendors, such as Sun, HP,
     Digital, IBM, and Bull. As a result of this effort I learned many
     hardware specific tuning issues, such as Kernel specific parameters,
     Logical Storage Managers, RAID, compiler optimizations, and most of
     all Sybase tuning issues. Furthermore by dealing with partner
     companies, I understood how to communicate with them effectively.
   * Implemented various performance enhancements for the Sybase SQL
     server, such as list_io, feedback optimization, and effective shared
     memory usage’s. To track down the server bottlenecks I used Sybase
     monitor tools, and vendor specific tools such as Gprof, ATOM, Iprobe,
     Pepsi, etc.

Migration Software Systems, Ltd., April 1993 - March 1996
Consulting Engineer

   * For Sybase Corp. & Digital Equipment Corporation - Worked on porting
     Sybase SQL Server V11 & V10 to Alpha/OSF SMP (Symmetric
     Multiprocessing implementation). As part of this port debugged Alpha
     specific bugs such as 32-64 bit incompatibilities, as well as generic
     bugs, thus stabilizing the nightly builds of the “AXPOSFSMP” code
     line. Worked on the VLDB (Very Large Database) project, which enabled
     Sybase System11 use more than 2 GIG of memory.
   * Worked on the Sybase/Digital TPC-C benchmark for systems 10 and 11 on
     Alpha/OSF. These TPC-C efforts included tuning of the system
     parameters for optimal performance, taking the profile of the server
     with ATOM tool to point out the server bottlenecks, figuring out a
     feedback optimization strategy to gain 10% - 15% improvement in
     throughput, in-lining of the locking code, re-implementing the ASYNC
     I/O interface, optimally aligning the shared memory segments, adding
     CPU affinity code to the server, etc..
   * For Digital Equipment Corp. & EDS - Ported UNIGRAPHICS V10 written in
     C and FORTRAN, CAD product from Hewlett-Packard to Alpha OSF. Due to
     non portable nature of the product, much code had to be rewritten,
     including the C+ FORTRAN interface. The rewrite of the code involved
     an “address-to-integer” index scheme to work around 32 to 64 bit
     addressing differences.
   * Ported and Implemented benchmarking software used to analyze
     performance of UNIGRAPHICS V10 running on Alpha/OSF. These benchmarks
     used the “User Function” feature of UG and Alpha specific onchip
     counters to collect performance information such as: CPU usage, swap
     utilization, time spent in the rendering module, and other relevant
     information.

Independent Consultant, January 1992 - April 1993

   * For Megatek Corporation - Implemented C programs and UNIX shell
     scripts; Designed and developed programs which used PHIGS 3D graphics
     library, to test reliability of customized X server which utilized
     Camellia graphics accelerator. Wrote programs, which served as demos
     for efficient use of PHIGS, and as benchmarks to analyze performance
     of Camellia graphics accelerator.
   * For NCR Corporation - Supported ITX and NCR COBOL compilers, corrected
     critical bugs in the COBOL compiler by isolating and debugging them;
     implemented UNIX shell scripts used as a test bed for the COBOL
     compiler.
   * For San Diego DPC - Designed and developed UNIX shell scripts and C
     programs for data extraction and corruption recovery. These programs
     functioned by gathering accounting data over MAN (Metropolitan Area
     Network) and then loading the filtered data into a central Informix
     database.

FPS Computing, December 1990 - January 1992
Programmer

   * Designed and developed circuit analysis software in UNIX/C which used
     extracted data from VALID database to generate routing information of
     desired circuit board(s). Wrote test vector generation programs used
     in testing PLD devices, and to supplement ABEL software. Wrote
     analysis software which generated micro code for Vector processors,
     loaded the target board with the micro code, and ran it through
     several clock cycles before unloading it to determine validity of the
     boards.

General Dynamics Corporation, May 1989 - December 1990
Junior Engineer

   * Performed, documented and analyzed real-time software simulation tests
     for the DCU and INU flight computers used by the Atlas rocket. Tested
     and documented assembler and ADA routines for the DCU and INU fight
     computers. Developed C and FORTRAN software used to analyze flight
     telemetry data on VAX/VMS. The output of this software was used to
     verify the validity of flight steering vectors, guidance, and engine
     activity.

Education

B.S., with honors, Major GPA 3.6, Computer Science, San Diego State
University. [Image]
