                                  Carl Prothman, CCP
                                    (425) 417-3837
                              carlpr@able-consulting.com

Summary of Qualifications

Over eighteen (18) years of experience in software development with expertise in
web-based database applications, three-tier client server systems, relational
databases, and computer-aided software engineering

Certified Computer Professional (CCP), Certified Data Processor (CDP), Associate
Computer Professional (ACP), Certification in Software Product Development, and
Certified Visual Basic Programmer.

Positions have included Senior Consultant, Senior Business Analyst, Lead Programmer,
Programmer/Analyst, Tester, Beta Coordinator, Software Engineer, and Webmaster.

Technical Background

  Hardware        Yr  Languages             Software

  PC              18  Active Server Page    Win 95, NT 4.0, IIS 4.0, SQL Server 6.5,
                      (ASP), Visual         FrontPage 98, Visual InterDev 1.0,
                      Basic, VB Script,     Office 97, Word, Excel, PowerPoint,
                      SQL, C, FORTRAN       Access, Project, SourceSafe, ERWin,
                                            EasyCase, Paint, Visio

  Mac             2   Lightspeed C,         Mac OS, MacWord, MacDraw, Framemaker,
                                            PowerTools
                      4th Dimension

  Workstations    1   Builder Xcessory,     UNIX, Oracle, Raima, Empress, Teamwork,
  (SUN, MIPS,         X-Windows (Motif),    StP, ClearCase, Aide-de-Camp, RCS,
  DEC)                SQL                   Framemaker, Interleaf, XRunner

Education

Drake Testing, Seattle WA, June 1994

     Microsoft Visual Basic for Windows Exam

University of Washington, Seattle WA, June 1993

     Certification in Software Product Development

Institute for Certification of Computer Professionals (ICCP), May 1993

     Certified Computer Professional (CCP)

     Certified Data Processor (CDP)

     Associate Computer Professional (ACP) in ‘C’

University of Washington, Seattle WA, June 1983

     Bachelor of Science in Aeronautics and Astronautics (BSAA)

Professional Experience

Able Consulting, Inc, Issaquah WA - (Contracting), March 1998 – Current
http://www.able-consulting.com

- ELEKOM Corporation
EKP Project
As a Senior Consultant, I am currently responsible for the construction and release
of the EKP 3.0 web-based database application. Duties include updating the VB build
process, updating the WISE setup scripts, debugging and fixing defects in existing
ASP script and existing VB ActiveX OCXs / DLLs. Tools used are IE, Visual InterDev,
VB, Java Script, ASP, IIS, MTS, ADO, RDS, OLE DB, and SQL Server.

Sahalee Project
As a Senior Consultant, I was responsible for the design of a next generation
three-tier architecture for web-based database systems. Duties included creating a
creating a Design document, creating an Architecture document, and creating a
working "proof-of-concept" application. Tools used were Word, Visio, IE, Visual
InterDev, VB, Java Script, ASP, IIS, MTS, ADO, RDS, OLE DB, SQL Server, and Oracle.

O’Farrell Consulting, Bellevue WA - (Contracting), April 1997 – March 1998
http://www.ocipro.com

- Data Base Inc.
SecureSync Project
As a Senior Consultant, I was responsible for the design and construction of the
SecureSync 2.0 web-based database application. Duties included creating a Functional
Specification document, creating an Architecture document, creating a IE / ActiveX
Document prototype, creating a VB prototype, creating a SQL Server stored procedures
and database, and creating a VB client application that used ADO's RDS, via IIS web
server, to get and maintain information in the SQL Server database. Tools used were
ERWin, SQL Server, VB, IIS, ADO/RDS, FrontPage, and Office.

- Microsoft Corporation
Data Code Generator Project
As a Senior Consultant, I was responsible for the design and construction of a Data
Code Generator. Duties include creating an Entity Relational Diagram, creating an
Access and SQL Server database, creating sample three-tier VB programs, and creating
the VB Data Code Generator program. Tools used are ERWin, Access, SQL Server, and
Visual Basic.

Pacific Interactive, Seattle WA - (Contracting),  Feb 1997 – April 1997
http://www.pacint.com

AMPP Project
As a Senior Consultant, I was responsible for the design and construction of the
three-tier AMPP system. Duties included creating an Entity Relational Diagram,
creating an Access and SQL Server database, creating ActiveX middle tier VB
components, creating VB user interface forms, and testing the AMPP system. Tools
used were ERWin, Access, SQL Server, and Visual Basic.

Real Vision Information Services, Kirkland WA - (Contracting) Oct 1996 – Feb 1997
http://www.NewHomeTrends.com

New Home Trends Project
As a Senior Consultant, I was responsible for the design, construction, and
maintenance of NewHomeTrends web site and data entry system. Duties include reverse
engineering an old relational database, creating a new Entity Relational Diagram,
creating an Access database, creating a VB conversion program, creating a VB data
entry program, creating HTML web pages, creating ASP web reports, and creating a SQL
Server Database. Tools used were ERWin, Visual Basic, FrontPage, Internet
Information Server (IIS), Active Server Pages (ASP), Visual InterDev (VID), ActiveX
Control Pad, Access, and SQL Server.

Volt Computers, Redmond WA - (Contracting) Sept. 1994 - Oct 1996
http://www.volt-nw.com

- Microsoft Corporation

FrontPage97 Project
As a Senior Consultant, I was responsible for the quality assurance of Microsoft
FrontPage 97’s extensibility features. Duties included writing test plans, creating
test scripts, testing the menu customization feature, testing the Internet Database
Connector (IDC) wizard, testing the Database Results Template, testing the Visual
SourceSafe integration, and testing the Software Development Kit (SDK) which
included WebBots and the Application Program Interface (API). Tools used were Word,
Excel, Visual Basic, Visual C++, and FrontPage.

Mango Project
As a Senior Business Analyst, I was responsible for the user requirements,
functional specifications, development, and implementation of the Mango 1.0 system.
Duties included gathering user requirements (via user interviews), producing a
context dataflow diagram, functional specifications, entity-relationship diagram,
user interface specification, visual basic programming, testing, version control,
beta coordination, and support. The system was design as a three-tier client server
application using VB 4.0 for the client application, OLE automation servers for the
business services, and SQL Server 6.0 for the data server.

Selecta Project
As a Senior Business Analyst, I was responsible for the user requirements,
functional specifications, and implementation of the Selecta 3.0 system. Duties
included gathering user requirements (via JAD sessions), producing "use cases",
context dataflow diagram, object models, behavior models, functional models (OMT
methodology - Paradigm Plus), and beta coordination.

Great Northern Annuities, Seattle WA - (Salary) Dec. 1993 - Sept. 1994
http://www.ge.com/gec/gna

Clientrac Project
As a Systems Leader / Programmer, I was responsible for the overall design and
construction of the Clientrac system. Duties included producing a project schedule
(MS Project), producing a system architecture design (System Architect), building a
remote client (Visual Basic/Access), building the home-office database (NT-AS and
SQL Server), and connecting the remote client to the central database server using
NT’s Remove Access Service (RAS).

Assetrac Project
As a Systems Leader / Programmer, I was responsible for the design and construction
of Needs Analysis and Asset Allocation program. Duties included producing a project
schedule (MS Project), gathering user requirements and producing a requirements
document (Word), producing a process and data model (System Architect), writing the
GUI and code modules (Visual Basic), and writing the Access relational database.

Cap Gemini America, Tukwila WA (Contracting) Nov. 1993 - Dec. 1993
http://www.usa.capgemini.com

- Lamonts Inc.

Inventory Count Exception Project
As a Consultant, I was responsible for the design and construction of an inventory
count exception system. Duties included producing a requirements document, process
and data models, programming the Visual Basic application, and building an Access
relational database.

Spacelabs Medical Inc., Redmond WA (Salary) Jan 1992 - Nov. 1993
http://www.spacelabs.com

Chartmaster 2.0 Project
As a Senior Software Engineer, I was responsible for the design and construction of
a client-server, object-oriented Clinical Information System (CIS). Duties included
producing a requirements document, performing object-oriented analysis and design,
coding X-Windows (Motif), coding C and C++ programs, coding an objected oriented
database, performing configuration management, and performing regression and stress
testing.

Chartmaster 1.0 Project
As a Software Engineer, I was responsible for maintaining an existing relational
database system. Duties included planning and implementing a software development
environment, implementing configuration management, automating the build process
(UNIX shell scripts), coding ‘C’ programs to import and export Empress 4GL source,
implemented regression testing, and reverse engineering the existing system.

The Boeing Company, Seattle WA (Salary) Dec. 1986 - Jan 1992
http://www.boeing.com

Central Storage Facility Project
As a Programmer / Analyst, I was responsible for the designing a client-server
relational database system. Duties included producing the conceptual and functional
data/process models, coding an interface between the Excelerator CASE tool data
dictionary and the Design For Data mainframe tool. I coded ‘C’ programs, coded a
CRUD program, coded a ACMS-Lint program, coded an XL-Doc script to produce DMR’s P+
deliverables, and supported the Excelerator CASE tool.

Scenario Generator Project
As a Programmer / Analyst, I was responsible for designing a relational database
system to generate flight deck scenarios. Duties included producing a functional
specification, context diagram, dataflow diagrams, mini-specs, entity-relationship
diagram, and a data dictionary. I coded XL-Doc scripts to generate the specification
document, and supported the Excelerator CASE tool, provided CASE and methods
training.

Reliability and Maintainability Computing Upgrade Project
As a Systems Analyst, I was responsible for designing a relational database system.
Duties included producing a context diagram, dataflow diagrams, mini-specs,
entity-relationship diagram, and a data dictionary for the Functional specification,
coding ‘C’ programs, supported the Excelerator CASE tool, and provided CASE and
methods training.

Human Model Project
As a Systems Analyst, I was responsible for designing a Human Model CATIA program.
Duties included producing a context diagram, data flow diagrams, control flow
diagrams, mini-specs, state-transition diagrams, and a data dictionary. I supported
the Teamwork CASE tool, provided CASE and methods training.

Software Metrics Project
As a Software Engineer, I was responsible for identifying and evaluating software
sizing metrics for scientific applications. Duties included gathering software
metric information, evaluating Function Point, Feature Point, and BANG software
metrics, and producing a metrics sizing document.

CASE Tool Requirements Project
As a Software Engineer, I was responsible for producing a document that defined user
requirements for a full Computer-Aided System/Software Engineering tool set to
support the development of software systems. Duties included gathering user
requirements, producing a CASE requirements document, and performing CASE tool
evaluations.

Flight Test Computing
As ‘C’ Programmer, I was responsible for the design and development of real-time
software applications for use on board Boeing flight-test airplanes. Duties included
developing program requirements, developing preliminary and detailed designs,
writing and documenting ‘C’ source code per Boeing standards. Used VAX, IBM PC,
Macintosh, ‘C’, FORTRAN, and Basic.

Flight Test
As a Flight Test Engineer, I was responsible for the flight testing of a 737 Thrust
Management Computer System. Duties included designing and conducting several flight
test plans, and writing a weather forecast flight-planning program. Tools used were
MacWord, MacExcel, and Basic.

Rockwell International, Downey CA (Salary) Jun. 1985 - Dec. 1986
http://www.rockwell.com

US Space Station Configuration
As an Astronautical Engineer, I was responsible for the preliminary design and
overall configuration of the US Space Station. Duties included creating several
space station 3D computer models, performing trade studies of module patterns and
solar array shadowing. Tools used were CDAS, CAD/CAM, CRAY, DEC, and Macintosh.

Shannon Engineering, Seattle WA (Salary) Oct. 1983 - Jun. 1985
http://www.halcyon.com/sei

Boeing 707 Hush Kit
As an Aeronautical Engineer, I was responsible for the design and development of a
Hush Kit for the Boeing 707 airplane. Duties included creating a fluid flow computer
model of a 707 nacelle, a finite-element computer model of 707 fuel tanks, airplane
performance models, and flight-test coordination for FAA certification. Tools used
were VAX/VMS, UNIX, MS-DOS, FORTRAN, and Basic programming.

Honors and Activities

Certified Computer Professional (CCP)

Certified Visual Basic Programmer

The Seattle CASE Users Group - Past president

Hiking - Climbed Mt. Rainier three times

Snow Skiing

Chess

References

Available upon request

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                 This page hosted by [Image] Free Home Page



[Image]
