
      J. R. Rees, consultant
           415-543-9094
     Absolute Real Time, Inc.
        300 Third St. #914
           SF, CA 94107
    rees@absoluterealtime.com
     www.absoluterealtime.com
            home of the
      SF Bay Bridge Approach
           live webcam
Software engineering for real-time systems, embedded systems, and the
internet.
Expert in all phases of software engineering from proposals to field
support;
from tutoring individuals on the internet to collaborating with dozens of
engineers and managers on a million lines of code and prototype hardware.

STRONG
C, Assembly, firmware, datacom/telecom, device drivers, controllers,
diagnostics
SDKs: Borland, MS Visual C++, Sun/Unix
Processors: Intel, Motorola, AMD
OS's: Windows, Unix, DOS
Kernels: VxWorks, PSos, custom
Protocols: numerous custom
Misc: expert hardware/software integration, excellent communication skills,
team leader

MODERATE
C++, Windows, GUI

EXPERIENCE
1995-97 Nortel
        Created communications between PBX and PC database for PBX network
data I/O
        to replace tty input with Win95 interface and allow automated data
tracking.
                  - Visual C++ and Rational Rose.
                  - serial port and ethernet com link drivers.
                  - Win95 GUI for com monitoring.
                  - team of 10 software engineers.
        Development of testbed for new compiler to convert the proprietary
PBX programming
        language to a C base utilizing multiple target processors.
                  - built VME system running VxWorks to run subset of PBX
system.
                  - built subset of PBX system to run on Sun Workstation.
                  - built Win95/PC system to install and run new compiler.
                  - team of 2 software engineers.
        Enhanced code patcher tools for C/C++ extensions.
                  - tool ran on Sun Workstation.
                  - tool created patches for VxWorks embedded target.
                  - team of 2 software engineers.
1996-97 Personal Internet Consulting
        Tutored novice and experienced computer users on the benefits of
the
        internet from basic setup, to ISDN, to videoconferencing.
1992-95 BioControl Systems
        Created complete PC interface, libraries, and GUI for BioMuse
        biosignal processor used to track eye and muscle movements.
                  - Borland C for DOS.
                  - Visual C for Windows.
                  - serial port com link drivers.
                  - customized packet data protocol.
                  - TI DSP device drivers.
                  - DOS and Windows GUI for real-time data display.
                  - provided customer and developer support.
                  - team of 1 software and 1 hardware engineer and 1
technician.
1993 Network Equipment Technologies
        Created boot and diagnostic programs for DSPs on a T1 board.
                  - C on Sun Workstation.
                  - Motorola HC11 target processor.
                  - team of 4 software and 2 hardware engineers.
1991-92 Toshiba America MRI, Inc.
        Created tuning, control, and diagnostic functions for MRI products
        including a prototype MRI with GUI for real-time status and input.
1990-91 Real-Time Productivity Management Systems USPS
        Data acquisition and control for a variety of postal sorting
machines
        using multiple port serial board and PCs, all Intel processors.
1987-90 Survival Research Labs
        Microcontrolled robotics system for multi-ton machines in live
        performance setting. Designed on 8051. Ported to HC11.
1979-89 Bell Northern Research
        Did it all here. Software team leader on new hardware/software
        designs for PBX systems.

EDUCATION
1995 Week-long seminar on Object Oriented Programming using Visual C++.
1995 Week-long seminar on Object Oriented Design Tools using Rational Rose.
1975-79 BS Computer Science/Math from the University of Arizona, Tucson.

OTHER ACHIEVEMENTS
        Produced first weekly series of improvised music in San Francisco.
        Created first computer control for internationally renowned
        machine artists Survival Research Labs.

RELATED PUBLICATIONS
Scientific American October 1996
        BioControl System's BioMuse in "Controlling Computers With Neural
Signals"
San Francisco Bay Guardian Dec 1996
        improv music story entitled "Around The Bend"
Scientific American August 1988
        interviewed in story on SRL entitled "Robots Rampant"

Last updated 22 Sept 1997.
Number of hits since 12 Sept 1997:

