                          ROBERT LEE STEVENS, JR.

                               (410) 884-3761
                        judahsoft@mail.geocities.com

 Objective Technical      Employment        Professional       References
           Skills         Experience        Training

                   [Image]      Download this resume
                                (MS-Word 7.0 Format)

                                 OBJECTIVE

To lead the development of network applications from within a growing and
technologically progressive organization.

                             TECHNICAL SKILLS

 DEVELOPMENT:     C/C++ (Unix/Windows 9x & NT), Visual C++,
                  RogueWave, MFC, ActiveX/COM Programming, DCE RPC,
                  DCE Threads, Java, JavaScript, Persistence,
                  TCP/IP socket programming, SQL, HTML, Sybase,
                  JAM, DirectX. Experience with Continuus CM tool.
                  Familiarity with CORBA.

 DESIGN:          Strong Object-Oriented Design/Development, Real
                  Time Design/Development, GUI Design.

 PLATFORMS:       Solaris 2.x, Windows NT, Windows 9x, OpenVMS

                           EMPLOYMENT EXPERIENCE
            Bell Atlantic  Texas Insruments  Towson University

 SOFTWARE ENGINEER
 Bell Atlantic Corporation
 Broadband Systems, Silver Spring, Maryland
 April, 1996 - Present

   * Developed support systems for Bell Atlantic's High Speed Internet
     (ADSL) and Switched Digital Video initiatives using Object-Oriented
     C++ and DCE on a Solaris platform using Sybase System 11.
   * Led development of a DCE RPC-based system used to switch customer
     connections to a Broadband network.
   * Led development of an interface between trouble ticketing system and
     corporate-wide customer information system using a proprietary
     protocol. Developed C++ class library which simplified future
     development using the protocol.
   * Developed an FTP-based interface application used to obtain large
     amounts of video customer circuit data from a network provisioning
     system and synchronize the databases for the maintenance and sales
     systems.
   * Supervised the consolidation and restructuring of code for two
     systems, modifying them to use a common GUI and utility function
     library, reducing the size and complexity of each application and
     facilitating faster development cycle.
   * Conceived and developed an HTML-based help system. Wrote an HTML/GUI
     processor which finds screen flows and uses a data dictionary to
     convert screens into HTML content, reducing need for help content
     rewrites between releases.
   * Authored OO DCE development standards governing distributed
     application development practices for 125 engineers.
   * Presented demonstrations of internally-developed applications to Bell
     Atlantic CEO and senior corporate officers.
   * Represented Bell Atlantic as a guest speaker at events held by
     community organizations.

 SOFTWARE DESIGN ENGINEER
 Texas Instruments, Inc. (currently GSE Systems, Inc.)
 Process Automation Systems, Hunt Valley, Maryland
 March, 1994 - April, 1996

   * Designed, coded and maintained software for real-time Supervisory
     Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems controlling oil and gas
     pipelines on Windows NT and VMS platforms.
   * Served as project lead for system delivered to Lagoven, a large
     Venezuelan petroleum company. Designed, coded, and made repeated trips
     to Venezuela to oversee installation of a SCADA device driver which
     uses TCP/IP to provide fail-safe communications via redundant Ethernet
     networks with field devices controlling a petroleum pipeline.
   * Assumed responsibility for the redesign, optimization, and completion
     of a real-time DCE/RPC-based information server used to provide
     real-time engineering data to 100+ simultaneous clients. Assumed chief
     responsibility for development during extended absence of lead
     engineer, allowing two SCADA systems to be delivered on schedule.
   * Designed and developed a TCP/IP API layer which hides the details of
     socket programming to simplify the development of real-time client
     applications accessing multiple TCP/IP servers. The API is still being
     used today to create SCADA device drivers on Windows NT.
   * Served as development leader for SCADA device driver application which
     allows the system to communicate with Remote Terminal Units (RTU's)
     over serial lines on TEPPCO's (Texas Eastern Panhandle Products
     Corporation's) interstate oil pipeline. Traveled to Houston to discuss
     technical requirements with TEPPCO representatives.
   * Designed SCADA Windows NT system installation program using
     InstallShield. Designed password protection mechanism to prevent
     unauthorized installation of product

 NETWORK TECHNICIAN
 Towson University
 University Technical Services, Towson Maryland
 March, 1992 - March, 1994

   * Responsible for ensuring uptime for the campus network and resolving
     problems with network hardware and software.
   * Worked with Bell Atlantic technicians to correct problems university
     personnel experienced using dedicated dial-in lines. As a result,
     users were provided with uninterrupted network access during
     replacement of campus network.
   * Installed, tested, and maintained network hardware including Routers,
     Bridges, and Modems.
   * Responsible for the wiring and troubleshooting of network cabling
     using 10 Base-T and thinwire ethernet.
   * Handled day-to-day maintenance of the existing physical network while
     Network Manager was engaged in the planning activities for a new fiber
     optic network throughout campus.
   * Configured and maintained client/server software throughout campus,
     using TCP/IP and DEC Pathworks packages.

                           PROFESSIONAL TRAINING

 Advanced Java Programming, Bluestone Technology, October, 1997
 Persistence CORBA Programming, Persistence Corporation, October, 1997
 DCE Programming I & II, Transarc Corporation, October, 1996

                                 EDUCATION
 Bachelor Of Arts, Computer Science, May, 1994
 Minor In Mass Communications
 Towson University, Towson, Maryland

Completed coursework includes Compiler Design, Systems Analysis & Design,
and Neural Networks. Studied Japanese language through intermediate level
to earn Bachelor Of Arts over BS degree.

                     REFERENCES FURNISHED UPON REQUEST

                            BACK TO TOP OF PAGE

           This page hosted by [Image] Get your own Free Homepage
[Image]
