   207 Washington St,         Elliot Joel Berk       13193 Weatherfield Dr
        Apt #15         ejberk@alumni.princeton.edu   St. Louis, MO 63146
   Hoboken, NJ 07030
     (201)659-1395

EXPERIENCE
D.E. Shaw & Co., New York, New York, June 1997-present
 Technical member of proprietary trading group within the D.E. Shaw & Co.
hedge fund operation, executing a number of quantitative arbitrage
strategies, in role combining quantitative research, systems programming,
and trading.
 Created a profitable quantitative trading strategy, handling all aspects
of research, development, trading, and support. This market-neutral
strategy, developed within the context of the D.E. Shaw & Co. hedge fund
business, was a self-contained, one-person operation.
 Traded bond futures, equity options, stocks, corporate bonds, and other
equity-linked securities in the context of a quantitative proprietary
trading operation.
 Developed multiple currency interest rate risk management system, which
recommends a set of bond futures positions to hedge the interest rate
exposure of a portfolio of straight corporate bonds, convertible corporate
bonds, warrants, and other equity-linked securities.
 Developed credit risk management system, which recommends a short
position in a high yield total return swap to hedge the long credit
exposure of a portfolio of corporate securities.
 Developed a front-end system for the trading of equity-linked securities,
which manages orders and fills, aids in valuation, and recommends trades
for dynamic rehedging.
 Designed and implemented a Hull-White lattice for the pricing of
corporate bonds and the calculation of price-implied credit spreads.
 Developed an international black box credit spread model for corporate
securities based upon fundamental issuer data and technical market
information, which calculates the appropriate credit spread for a given
security, as justified by market information.
 Developed a black box credit rating model for corporate securities based
upon fundamental issuer data and technical market information, which
calculates the appropriate credit rating for a given security.
 Supported a number of equity-linked proprietary trading strategies within
the D.E. Shaw & Co. hedge fund operation.
Princeton University Computer Science Department, Princeton, New Jersey,
January 1997-June 1997
 Consultant to Princeton University. Developed an experimental online card
catalog for the Princeton University library. This interactive system
allows the Internet user to search and to browse large databases of
bibliographical records by way of the World Wide Web.
Princeton University Computer Science Department, Princeton, New Jersey,
January 1996-June 1997
 Teaching assistant for various Computer Science courses.
Microsoft Corporation, Seattle, Washington, May-August 1995, May-August
1996
 Two summer internships, involving significant programming projects, as
member of development group producing database design tools for Internet
development.
National Science Foundation Summer Research Program, Washington University,
St. Louis, Missouri, July-August 1994
 Conducted optimization of Tennessee Eastman Industrial Challenge Problem
using FORTRAN optimization routines in the process control lab of Dr. Babu
Joseph of the Chemical Engineering Department of the Washington University
Engineering School.
Washington University, St. Louis, Missouri, July-August 1993
 Research assistant in lab of Dr. Gary K. Ackers, head of Department of
Biochemistry and Molecular Biophysics of Washington University School of
Medicine
The U.S. Department of Energy High School Science Scholars Honors Program,
Argonne National Labs, Chicago, Illinois, June 1993
 1993 U.S. Department of Energy Science Scholar. Conducted analysis of
organic superconductors.
The George Engelmann Mathematics and Science Institute, University of
Missouri-St. Louis, St. Louis, Missouri, June-August 1992
 1992 National Science Foundation Scholar. Conducted analysis of
diamond-like carbon films.

EDUCATION
Princeton University, Princeton, New Jersey, 1993-1997
 Graduation in June, 1997. Major with Highest Honors in Computer Science.
Undergraduate Certificate in Applied and Computational Mathematics.
Cumulative GPA 4.01 on 4.0 scale. Computer Science Departmental GPA 4.17.
Applied Mathematics Departmental GPA 4.27. GRE Computer Science subject
820.
Parkway North High School, St. Louis, Missouri, 1989-1993
 Valedictorian. Cumulative GPA 4.7 on a weighted 4.0 scale. Class Rank
1/332. SAT math 800, verbal 670.

HONORS
Princeton University, Princeton, New Jersey, 1993-1997
 Awarded National Science Foundation (NSF) Graduate Fellowship in March
1997 for graduate study in computer science at Stanford University.
Distinction earned for overall accomplishment as a undergraduate and
evidence of outstanding ability in a technical field.
 Inducted in Spring 1997 into the Princeton chapter of Phi Beta Kappa. Phi
Beta Kappa is a college honors society with a long tradition of recognizing
outstanding academic achievement.
 Awarded Highest Honors upon graduation from the Department of Computer
Science at Princeton University.
 Awarded the 1996-1997 Andersen Consulting Prize in Computer Science. This
prize is given annually by the Princeton University Computer Science
Department to the senior with the most distinguished record of achievement
in academics and independent work.
 Inducted in Spring 1997 as an associate member of the Princeton Chapter
of Sigma Xi, an international research society with 90,000 members in more
than 500 chapters at colleges and universities, industrial research centers
and government laboratories. Sigma Xi was founded in 1886 as an honor
society for science and engineering, and now inducts new members by
invitation.
 Member of the Be developer program. As Be builds "bleeding edge"
information systems, the company distributes development tools for its
platform through this program, in advance of the public release of these
products.
 Nominated as a sophomore and junior for national Barry Goldwater
Scholarship in mathematics, science, and engineering. One of only twelve
sophomores and juniors from Princeton University nominated for this
competition.
 Winner of Domineering tournament held by Professor John H. Conway of the
Mathematics Department, in conjunction with Mathematics 299 On Numbers and
Games. Awarded $50 prize as tournament champion. Domineering is a
two-person game illustrative of the concepts of his class.
 Winner of The Princeton Tory Freshman Writing Contest.
 Member of the Princeton University student chapter of the Association for
Computing Machinery (ACM).

Parkway North High School, St. Louis, Missouri, 1989-1993
 National Merit Finalist. Harvard Book Award. Mega Bank Merit Scholarship.
Robert C. Byrd Scholarship. Varsity Member of Cross Country Team qualifying
for Missouri State Meet. President of International Club. Chairperson of
Parkway North Academic Team. Secretary of Mu Alpha Theta Math Honors
Society.

RESEARCH
Scratch Removal, Spring 1997
 Developed an interactive scratch removal system based upon techniques of
wavelet analysis. Research conducted in conjunction with graduate seminar
Computer Science 598d Advanced Topics in Computer Science: Wavelets for
Computer Graphics.
Texture Synthesis, Spring 1997
 Designed and implemented a texture synthesis system involving functional
decomposition within the steerable pyramid architecture. Research conducted
in conjunction with graduate seminar Computer Science 598d Advanced Topics
in Computer Science: Wavelets for Computer Graphics.
Browser Security Against Untrusted Java Applets, Fall 1996 - Spring 1997
 Development of a screening and certification system for untrusted Java
applets. This security tool is designed to identify malicious applets
statically through an analysis of their bytecodes. Research undertaken in
conjunction with Professor Edward Felten and the Safe Internet Programming
team at Princeton University.
Ray Tracer, Fall 1996
 Implemented a sophisticated ray tracer, supporting reflections,
transparency, texture mapping, anti-aliasing, adaptive oversampling, and an
interactive graphical user interface depicting image generation in
progress. Work completed in a two-person team with Peter J. Creath,
undergraduate class of 1997, for Computer Science 426 Computer Graphics.
See http://www.cs.princeton.edu/~ejberk/RayTracer/ for generated images.
Java-Lex: A Lexical Analyzer Generator for Java, Spring 1996
 Developed the first lexical analyzer generator for Java. Currently used
in Java language compiler courses taught at Princeton University and the
University of Arizona. Mentioned in the lexical analysis section of the
upcoming book Modern Compiler Implementation in Java by Professor Andrew
Appel of the Princeton University Computer Science Department. Publicly
available at http://www.cs.princeton.edu/~appel/modern/java/JavaLex/.
Java-Lex is also accessible through a number of Internet sites devoted to
Java resources, such as Yahoo's Java utilities page.
Speech Compression, Spring 1996
 Developed speech compression software using techniques of mathematical
signal processing. Experimented with adaptive techniques for applying
wavelets and local trigonometric bases to the compression problem. Research
performed in association with a graduate-level mathematics class on
wavelets.
Random Bits and Cryptographically Strong Generators, Fall 1995
 Explored recent cryptographic results providing the theoretical basis for
provably good random number generators. These random number generators can
be shown to be random enough for any polynomial time application.
Implemented a simple but fast generator of this kind.
Garbage Collecting Compiler in ML, Fall 1995
 Implemented a modularized compiler in Standard ML of New Jersey for the
Algol-based Toy language. Added garbage collecting capabilities as an extra
independent project. Developed in conjunction with Computer Science 320
Compiling Techniques.
Artificial Intelligence, Fall 1995
 Designed and implemented an intelligent checkers-playing program,
applying techniques of alpha-beta pruning. Developed a handwriting
recognition system for processing handwritten image files by way of trained
neural networks. Wrote a newsgroup routing system that routed articles
through the rec hierarchy by analyzing each article's text. Projects
undertaken as part of Computer Science 302 Artificial Intelligence.
X-Gauntlet, Spring 1995
 Developed the arcade game Gauntlet for the X-Windows environment. Seven
person group effort in conjunction with Computer Science 333 Advanced
Programming Techniques, a class addressing large-scale software engineering
projects. Implemented a sophisticated multi-player replica of the original
game from scratch, complete with a distributed client/server architecture,
networking, sound effects, and sprites depicting characters and monsters.

SKILLS
 Expertise in the research, development, support, and trading of a
proprietary trading operation, especially quantitative arbitrage
strategies.
 Programming experience in C/C++, Java, Tcl/Tk, and many other languages,
along with the computer science knowledge to learn new languages rapidly.
 Familiarity with the all of core topics of computer science, such as
compilers, programming languages, networking, distributed systems, computer
architecture, graphics, artificial intelligence, algorithm design and
analysis, and data structures.
 Knowledge of academic subjects in economics and finance, such as
derivative pricing models, microeconomics, macroeconomics, corporate
finance, financial intermediation by commercial and investment banks, and
monetary policy.
 General mathematical sophistication and academic work in such areas as
discrete mathematics, advanced calculus, real analysis, complex analysis,
and wavelet analysis.

ACTIVITIES AND COMMUNITY SERVICE
 Princeton Young Achievers, 1994-1995
Volunteer tutor for underprivileged area youth.
 The Princeton Tory, Senior Staff, 1993-1995
Senior staff member for publication concerned with political issues and
current events.
 The Daily Princetonian Campus Newspaper, Arts Staff, 1994-1996
Reviewed books for the weekly arts section.
 The Student Course Guide, Contributing Reviewer, 1994-1996
Reviewed Computer Science and Mathematics courses for student publication
giving a student's perspective on the Princeton course offerings.
 The Eclectic, Contributing Writer, 1993-1995
Contributed political essays to Princeton University campus magazine with a
wide variety of content and readership.

HOBBIES AND INTERESTS
 Drawing, reading, art history, running.
