                               Vinay V Bhide

                       e-mail: vinaybhide@hotmail.com

Education
---------------

University Of Pune, India - Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science.

Professional Experience Summary
--------------------------------------

Extensive experience in software development and design. Primarily in
Visual C++, C, SDK, Win32, MFC, ODBC, Windows Sockets, MAPI, BSD Sockets,
Sybase Open Client(DBLIB/CTLIB) under environments like Windows NT,
MS-WINDOWS, Novel LAN, IBM AIX, MS-DOS Unix.

Hardware Platform
     Personal Computers (IBM Compatible), RISC 6000
Software
     Languages Used
     C++, C, Visual C++
     Libraries, SDK's
     WIN SDK, WIN32 API SDK, MFC, ODBC, dbLib, ctLib, WINSock, BSD Sockets
     RDBMS
     ORACLE, SYBASE

Operating Systems
Windows NT, 95, OS/2, Novel Netware, UNIX, MS-DOS

Work Experience
--------------------------------------

Senior Software Developer - Data Core Systems, USA
August 1996 - Present

Responsible for analysis & design & development of software projects using
Visual C++, MFC, Windows sockets, sybase Open Client dbLib/ctLib. Working
on client-server based projects for our clients on-site as well as off-site
since August 1996.
Current Client: Vanguard Mutual Funds
From June 1998 till date
Vanguard has clients who invest in their mutual funds, but there are
companies for whom Vanguard is handling the retirement benefits of their
employees. As a result, Vanguard gets number of calls from these clients
inquring about their funds as well as their retirement plans.
Following are the modules of this projects in which I am involved in design
as well as development. The platform choosen for this project is NT 4.0,
Visual C++ 5.0 (moving to 6.0) and Sybase.
A]Get information from the client and store it in our backend database.
This module include developing tab based screens and interface with Sybase
through ODBC for data transferr.
B]Apply business rules, perform calculation on the available data. Based on
the criterion supplied by the user, this module will apply the buisiness
rules to the available data and generate result set.
C]Representation of the results. The results of the calculation are
presented to the user in module.
For accessing and storing information in Sybase we are using ODBC for all
the modules.
Previous Client: Cendant Mortgage Services
From August 1996 to June 1998
The project was automation of their current manual business through windows
NT and SYBASE based application, using Visual C++, MFC, Win32, Sybase Open
Client(dbLib/ctLib), ODBC, Windows Sockets and BSD Sockets. Cendant is in
the business of providing mortgage to future home owners, as well as
refinancing. Previously they used to receive the mortgage application on
paper and after confirming the credit history and other financial
requirement, a approval letter was sent to the future home owner. As these
process was taking long to finish they were loosing lot of business.
Hence this project came alive. Which allowed the Cendant's mortgage sales
consultant to take the application over the phone from future home owner,
get clients credit history online and once all the information is gathered
the application will determine if this client can be approved or not.
Responsible for developing following modules of the Mortgage Application
Processing project.
Automated Credit Reporting (ACRS) System:
This system allows the mortgage sales consultants to get the Credit Reports
of their prospective clients. The system picks up the users request to get
a Credit Report from the database. It then creates a request file and sends
it to the Credit Reporting Agency using sockets. It then receives the
Credit Report File in a predefined X12 format through socket. This file is
then parsed and sent to Sybase database. The user is then informed about
this credit report by a message that gets displayed on his application. The
user then uses front end applicatin to view this credit report.
Data population modules:
This module involves downloading or ftping mission critical data from
Internet and/or some predefined business sources and populating the local
SYBASE database. This module scrutinizes the data for all the necessary
rules of the business before it finally goes in the database. As this being
mission critical operation, it also provides real time error reporting
mechanism. This enables the support persons to track and correct the
problem even before the users see it. This module is completely developed
using Visual C++, MFC, MAPI, MFC Internet development classes and Sybase
Open Client (dbLib/ctLib).

System Analyst - Marlbourough Stirling Group, England.
August 1995 - July 1996

Worked as a software consultant for development using Visual C++, MFC,
dbLib. Involved in development of Client/Server based, Point of Sales
application. This system automates the client's work of selling their
mortgage products.
It has following modules developed using Visual C++, MFC, and SDK for front
end and sybase Open Client (dbLib/ctLib) to talk to SYBASE.
Customer Registration: This collects summary information relating to each
applicant.
Guide to Costs: This collects sufficient information to allow a mortgage
cost illustration to be produced, including Buildings and Contents
insurance, Payment Protection and an Assurance product (existing life cover
can also be taken into account).
Decision in Principle: This collects further information, allowing
different combinations of Mortgage Type, Buildings and Contents Insurance
and Payment Protection to be modeled to show the monthly costs involved.
This module provides an accurate monthly cost of the package.
Form Fill: Collects the remaining information required to allow completion
of Proposal Forms and other letters.
Application Processing: Controls the processing of an application through a
series of company defined stages and actions from the initial Guide to
Costs to Funds Disbursement.

Senior Programmer - SoftCorner, Pune, India
November 1993 - July 1995

Part of the team who was responsible for development of offshore projects.
In particular I was involved in design and development of following
projects which were partly developed at client sites in USA and England.
Invloved in following projects.
Image Retrieval System This project was done for a US based mutual funds
company. It involved storing, retrieving and maintaining the workflow of
any paper application that is received. We used Visual C++ for front end
development and ODBC for backend data interface. The backend was Oracle.
This project was used by the client to store all the mutual fund
applications in an imaged format and then work on this scanned application,
the same way as they would work manually with a paper application. Thus,
the project involved not only imaging and storing of the applications, but
also providing work flow. Generall concept was to use a In-basket and
Out-basket for each user of the system. When the user logs in to the
system, the system will check from the data base if he has any pending work
to do, if he does that Applications’s index appears in the In-Baske. Once
the user finishes working on the application he redirects it to someone
else, for example to his superior, and eventually the application falls in
the Out-basket. Finally when the application has been processed it will be
marked to indicate its status and it will be available only to few
authorised users.
>b>Replication of IBM AS400 on UNIX This project involved developing a UNIX
based client-server application that provided a complete transparency to
the existing IBM-AS400 user/developer. We used IBM AIX C++ and ORACLE7.0 as
our development platform. This project converts the RPG program to a
compatible C++ ones, compiles and executes them with the help of ORACLE7.0
based database.
Windows based PLC programming This is a real time application developed to
help gather online information about a production PLC by continuously
monitoring the PLC. This also provided a point and click mechanism to write
PLC Ladder programs and simulate them before they are moved to the
production PLC.
All this projects were developed using Visual C++, MFC, Windows sockets,
BSD sockets, Sybase Open Client (dbLib/ctLib) and ODBC.
Also undergone training in FileNet Imaging Software's WorkFlo development.

Programmer - Indus Software, Pune, India
June 1992 - November 1993

Responsible for programming CASE tools based products using C/C++, SDK and
MFC. Part of the team who developed a CASE tool called 'Synthesis'. This
product was sold in the domestic market. Developed the Screen Painter
module of this product, that allows the users to design and paint there
screens and associate the screens to database. User can also use this
module to create prototype of their future systems. Also developed an API
in C to be used by the users to access the data dictionary of 'Synthesis'.

Programmer - SoftCorner, Pune, India
June 1991 - June 1992

Worked as a CoOp programmer. Part of the team who developed Source Code
Generators for COBOL, DBASE using C. The source code developed was 100%
compilation error free.

Additional Training
--------------------------------------

Undergone a course in "FileNet Imaging Software's WorkFlow management
course at Chicago training center.

Honors/Activities
--------------------------------------

Selected to represent Engineering College in IEEE Pune Chapter annual
Projects Competion.
Member Computer Society of India.

Professional Reference's
--------------------------------------

Mrs. Barbara Hart, Project Manager, Marlborough Stirling Group
19 Imperial Square, Cheltenham, United Kingdom, GL50 1QZ
PHONE : 01242 221973.

Mr. Stuart Straight, Project Manager, Marlborough Stirling Group
19 Imperial Square, Cheltenham, United Kingdom, GL50 1QZ
PHONE : 01242 221973.

Mr. Arun Kadekodi, CEO, SoftCorner
HA Co Op Soc, Paud Phata, Pune India - 411 029
PHONE : (INDIA)212-360736 EMAIL : scorner@giaspn01.vsnl.net.in

Mr. Vivek Mannige, CEO, Indus Software
Chinar Heights, Deep Bungalow Chowk, Model Colony, Pune India - 411004
PHONE :(INDIA)212-343437
