                                 Resume of
                             Benjamin F. Carter

                 Contact by email: bfcarter@cs.stanford.edu
                       Last updated on June 01, 1999

Goal

   To work in an environment that will prepare me for a post-college
   career.
   I am currently looking for a position or internship for the summer of
   2000.

Education
Click here for a list of my current classes.

  Institution                                         Date
  Stanford University (www.stanford.edu)              1996 - present
  Expecting a BS degree in computer science in June,
  2000.
  Brentwood School (www.bwscampus.com)                1990 - 1996
  Junior High & High School. Graduated on the Dean's
  List with honors in Computer Science, English,
  French, Math, and Physics.
  Redeemer Baptist Elementary School                  1984 - 1990
  Graduated as Valedictorian

Work Experience
Contact information for each of these positions can be provided via email.

  Position                                            Date
  Microsoft Corporation (www.microsoft.com)           Summer 1999
  This summer, I will be working on a component of
  Internet Explorer.
  Electronic Arts (www.ea.com)                        Summer 1998
  I was on the programming team for March Madness '99
  (PlayStation). Work covered most aspects of
  computer game programming.
  Nucleus Interactive (www.atomic3d.com)              Summer 1997
  Work consisted of writing a few Windows 95/NT 4.0
  applications in C++, using MFC. Most work was
  concentrated on redesigning the web site and
  writing CGI/Perl scripts for it.
  Brentwood School (www.bwscampus.com)                Summer 1997
  Work consisted of writing a Windows 95/NT 4.0 suite
  of applications known as Talon. Talon consisted of
  a school schedule, network news, and workstation
  update tool. Work also consisted of upgrading
  Windows 95 and Macintosh workstations with new
  hardware, such as CD-ROM drives, sound cards, and
  RAM.
  Brentwood School (www.bwscampus.com)                Summer 1996
  Work consisted of installing 34 multimedia
  computers for all classrooms with Internet and
  Intranet connectivity; programming school utilities
  for scheduling, news, and security; setting up user
  profiles in Windows; and achieving cohesion between
  several NetWare servers.
  XXCAL, Inc. (www.xxcal.com)                         Summer 1995
  Work consisted of testing multimedia software on
  several PC and Mac platforms.
  UCLA Mathematics, Dept. (www.math.ucla.edu)         Summer 1994
  Worked consisted of setting up a PC computer lab
  and working with Ethernet.

Computer Languages

   C/C++
   Extensive use of the Microsoft Foundation Classes. Wrote several
   freeware applications, including an award-winning screen saver.
   Java
   Wrote several applets, including a text fading applet and a small game.
   See my Java page.
   Pascal
   Created a graphical computer game, The Fate of Magic, entirely in
   Pascal.
   HTML
   Witness my homepage.

Interests

   3D Computer Graphics
   In 1996, I used 3D Studio to create a 10 minute movie called Disunity.
   For this web page, I created the rotating symbol and the opening logo
   with 3D Studio MAX.
   Computer Games
   I've been playing computer games for over a decade. I wrote The Fate of
   Magic, and I worked on the EA Sports title March Madness '99.
   Music
   I've played the piano for over 12 years and have begun to compose music
   of my own. Click here for a sample.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Related Links:
Classes
Freeware
AVI Screen Saver
Hobbies

[Return Home] Return Home
