---------------------------------------------------------------------------
   [Image]   RETURN

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   RESUME
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              RON S. DOUGHERTY
                     7011 Inwood Road, Dallas, TX 75209
                                  [Image]

                                  Email Me
 WORK EXPERIENCE
 1996-present   DRT International
                (contact information available on request)
                Data Administrator[Image]In 1996, I joined the consulting
                firm of DRT, International, a subsidiary of Deloitte &
                Touche. The firm is currently developing a major software
                package (GlobalAdvantage) for the administration and
                management of expatriate employees, a package targeted to
                firms with 50 or more personnel on overseas assignment. I
                am responsible for working with the business users who are
                specifying the functions that the software should have,
                determining the data requirements to support those
                functions, modeling these requirements, presenting the
                models to the users for evaluation and approval, reviewing
                the models with the development teams for completeness and
                understandability, and generating SQL scripts for the
                Oracle Data Base Administration staff.

                As software development proceeds, I monitor the use of the
                entities and relationships, making changes where
                appropriate or necessary. I am responsible to the Project
                Manager for the accuracy of the model and for the
                completion of a Data Dictionary to be included as part of
                the documentation for the system. I am also working on
                integrating a report writer into the software system to
                enable the end users to produce various reports from the
                system.

                In this effort, I use the ER/Win data modeling tool from
                LogicWorks, and am integrating the Impromptu reporting
                tool from Cognos, Inc., into GlobalAdvantage.
 1993-1996      Software Commodities & Futures, Inc.
                (contact information available on request)
                Principal[Image]In 1993, I joined with other principals to
                focus on the theory and development of object-oriented
                methodologies. We completed a major assignment with a
                state government to develop an Information Systems Plan
                (including Business Area Analyses). We continued to work
                with one client to develop a Methodology delivery product
                for the object-oriented environment. We worked with a new
                restaurant franchiser on a store information system, work
                that provided valuable experience in applying
                object-oriented concepts in the real world and determining
                how traditional methodologies will have to adapt to them.

                For another client, I was responsible for enhancing their
                system development methodology to accommodate
                client/server architecture, testing, and application
                improvement. In addition, I trained their personnel in the
                use of process and data modeling within that methodology.
                As a part of this independent consulting with clients in
                all areas of systems development from the human interface
                point of view (as well as Methodology implementation and
                project management), I advise them on their use of the
                Internet and World Wide Web, and help them develop an
                Internet "presence."

                As a result of this work and my experience with
                methodology development and implementation in the
                workplace, I have developed the skills necessary to (1)
                lead methodology development projects, (2) develop and
                implement training programs for professional development
                and (3) advise clients on their use of rapidly-developing
                Internet concepts for the distribution and sharing of
                information, both externally, through traditional Web
                sites, and internally, through "local" ones.
 1979-1992      Ron S. Dougherty, Inc.
                (contact information available on request)
                Independent Consultant[Image]I consulted with various
                clients in the areas of Methodology and methodology
                training.
                Improved System Technologies
                (contact information available on request)
                During 1979-1981, I worked with Chris Gane and Trish
                Sarson, principals in Improved System Technologies, Inc.,
                to write the STRADIS System Development Methodology and
                create course materials and documentation for both the
                Methodology and the tools and techniques used within it. I
                was also the lead consultant for a number of IST clients,
                responsible for all facets of the client's relationship
                with IST. Usually conducted at the client site, this work
                included (1) training client personnel in the use of both
                STRADIS and its structured tools, (2) planning and
                conducting the implementation effort, including advising
                the client of changes needed to either STRADIS or the
                client environment to ensure maximum benefit from the
                Methodology itself, and (3) providing project consulting
                services in the roles of Technical Consultant, Project
                Director and Application Analyst.
                McDonnell-Douglas Automation Company
                Electronic Data Systems, Incorporated
                (contact information available on request)
                During 1981-1991, I worked with the two successive owners
                of STRADIS and its ancillary materials, McDonnell-Douglas
                Corporation and EDS, to provide continued client support
                for STRADIS. During this period, I was also responsible
                for (1) a complete renovation and updating of all course
                materials, based on the identification and implementation
                of training "objects," enabling the rapid customization of
                client training materials, (2) the production of a CASE
                tool (ProKit*WORKBENCH) and the creation of an entirely
                new set of training materials for the product line, and
                (3) seven major revisions to STRADIS (the latest of which
                added client-server and object-oriented concepts).

                In 1991, I developed a version of STRADIS for inclusion
                within a leading project planning and estimating software
                package. This work required the partitioning of STRADIS
                into methodology components (objects), which could then be
                used to develop a variety of specialized methodologies to
                suit a wide variety of system development project
                classifications. I developed these components and included
                them within the vendor software.
                Structured Solutions, Inc.
                (contact information available on request)
                During 1992, I performed consulting services for the
                company that purchased the STRADIS product line from EDS.
                My responsibilities included the development of
                implementation and training materials for a second
                methodology, the continued client support required by the
                STRADIS methodology, and major enhancements to the STRADIS
                versions developed for the project planning and estimating
                software.
 1974-1979      Culinet Software, Inc./
                Computer Associates, Inc.
                (contact information available on request)
                Senior Technical Representative[Image]I was responsible
                for the maintenance and growth of the client-vendor
                relationship, including installing IDMS and related
                products, conducting public and client-site training in
                the entire product line and consulting on the use of all
                products with the client base. I developed a consistent
                set of coordinated training materials for the product line
                and was also responsible for "training the trainers" in
                the use of these materials.
 1971-1974      Continental Bank, N.A.
                (contact information available on request)
                EDP Auditor[Image]I was responsible to the General Auditor
                of the Bank for ensuring the correct operation of major
                Bank systems, including Trust, Consumer Loan and Charge
                Card. In this effort, I used specialized software to
                directly access Bank computer records to perform
                independent audits of program operation and program
                results.
 1968-1971      U.S. Army
                Captain, Finance Corps[Image]As an Army Finance Officer, I
                was responsible to the Commanders at Fort Lee, Virginia
                and Fort Benjamin Harrison, Indiana, for the prompt and
                proper payment of military and civilian personnel
                stationed at those sites. At Third Army Command, Korea, I
                was the Finance Officer for the Second Division.
 EDUCATION
 1968           Davidson College (Davidson, NC) (History and Finance)
 1976           University of Chicago (MBA)
 TECHNICAL      I am experienced in most areas of PC-based software.
                Particular areas of knowledge include the Microsoft Office
                suite (Word, Excel, Access, Powerpoint, Mail) and project
                management software (ABT Project Workbench, Microsoft
                Project). I am familiar with the principles and use of
                today's development software such as Visual Basic, Access
                or PowerBuilder. I have developed the skills necessary to
                advise clients on their use of the Internet and World Wide
                Web, and am able to use HTML 3.0 to create Web sites for
                them.
                I am expert in the development and use of methodologies,
                process modeling, data analysis and data modeling, and
                project management techniques. I am very familiar with the
                theory and practice of client-server systems. I have done
                some work with object-oriented principles, techniques, and
                standards, particularly as they apply to methodologies.
                As the experiences above indicate, I am an expert in not
                only delivering training, but in developing training
                materials and monitoring training efficiency and success.
                I have the creative ability to make even complex ideas and
                concepts understandable for those who will need to use
                them. I have the skills and temperament to be an effective
                project manager, I can work effectively with clients and
                customers, and I enjoy systems design and development,
                including high-level programming. Having been an
                independent consultant for most of my career, I am
                well-suited to performing my work with minimal
                supervision, inside or outside the traditional office
                environment.
 REFERENCES     Available on request
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
   [Image]   RETURN

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
