                                 KEVIN DOZIER
                               kevin@dozier.com
                             www.kevin.dozier.com
                ----------------------------------------------
                                  Objective
To   assume  high-level  management  position  in  merchandise  planning  and
distribution for a large retail organization.
Qualified  by 15 years of management experience and 5 years experience in the
development  of  inventory analysis  /  management systems  for  the nation’s
largest book retailer, Barnes & Noble.
                ----------------------------------------------

                               Accomplishments
POST COMMUNICATIONS                                      July 1998 to Present
Post  Communications  has an  innovative  web-based direct  marketing product
combined  with consulting  and implementation services to  help clients build
better on-line customer relationships.

Client Services Project Manager
   *       Currently responsible  for the technical project  management of an
           established  client,  Palm  Computing ,  and Post  Communication's
           newest client.   Planning and management  responsibilities include
           client  consulting, information  gathering,   feasibility studies,
           resource allocation, budget projections, implementation timelines,
           and quality  assurance.   Recently  re-designed Palm  Computing's
           Insync  Online  and  Product  Registration  web-sites using  Java,
           Dynamo,  Javascript,  HTML, and  SQL.    Also  influential in  new
           business development  planning and  technical approach  for client
           presentations.


BARNES & NOBLE, Inc.                                        1983 to July 1998

The nation’s largest book retailer with 1,100 locations and annual revenues of
over $2.4 billion.

Divisional Merchandise Manager (Director Level)              1995 to July 1998
        Direct report to VP of Merchandise

   *      Formed  and managed  a team  of 12  regionalized inventory  analysts
          responsible for the management  of $930 million in inventory for 499
          Superstores. This  team tailored the store layout, title  selection,
          and product  depth to  meet the demographic  needs of each store  in
          its  local   market.  They  were  also  responsible  for   providing
          inventory  management   and  merchandising  training  to    Regional
          Directors and District Managers.
   *      With  Director of  Inventory  Control, created  the first  Barnes  &
          Noble  Superstore   inventory  plans  and  merchandise   open-to-buy
          system.   Responsible for   bottom-up  planning by  store /  subject
          while  working closely  with the  Director of  Inventory Control  to
          reconcile these goals with  the top-down company / subject plans she
          developed.   Responsible for setting  and governing individual store
          inventory goals  to maintain total inventory levels of $930  million
          on revenues of $2.3 billion.
   *      Instrumental in  reducing comparable store inventory levels by  $159
          million  (17%),  over a  two  year  period, while  increasing  title
          selection by 22%. In-stock  position improved from 80% to 87% during
          this time.
   *      In  December of 1997  my responsibilities were  expanded to  include
          Project Lead for a   management team charged with development of new
          information systems  for roll-out in 1998/1999.  This team  included
          2 software  engineers and 3 merchants.  These systems were  designed
          to  better integrate  Barnes & Noble’s  Mainframe and  Client/Server
          systems and provide inventory  management tools for use at the store
          level.

Regional Merchandiser, B. Dalton Bookseller                     1993 to  1995
        Direct report to Divisional Merchandise Manager

   *       In response to  my request for a  transfer to the Bay  Area, a new
           position was  created for  me as  Regional Merchandiser.   In this
           inventory  analyst /  manager position  I  was responsible  for 80
           west-coast B.  Dalton stores with  total annual  sales revenue of
           $98  million.   Responsibilities  included  tailoring   the  store
           layout, title selection, and product depth to meet the demographic
           needs of each store in its local market.
   *       Developed,  designed,  and   engineered  Barnes  &  Noble’s  first
           PC-based inventory analysis  and management systems. These systems
           are used  today in  all Barnes &  Noble divisions by  25 inventory
           analysts  to open  new  stores,  analyze sales  trends,  set store
           inventory   plans,   adjust   computer  parameters   to   maintain
           appropriate  inventory  levels,  and  track  inventory  adjustment
           results for management. Last 2 year results – reduced inventory by
           $159  million,  increased title  selection  by  22%, and  improved
           in-stock position.

                Worked  closely   with  management  to   define  company
                inventory and merchandising objectives.
                Automated  90% of  the paper-based  data-entry functions
                previously used in adjusting inventory.
                Oversaw quality assurance, training, implementation, and
                support of these systems.

Business Manager,   P.B. Pages, Children's Bookstores, B. Dalton Bookseller  1992
          Direct report to VP of Merchandise                                   to
                                                                             1994
   *       Managed the development and  rollout of a new children's bookstore
           strategy.  Supervised  all team members involved  in Store Design,
           Marketing,  Operations,  Site   Planning,  Merchandise  Selection,
           Systems  Development, and  Personnel Training.   The merchandising
           guidelines and inventory  mix utilized in this  project have since
           been incorporated into  all new B. Dalton  Bookseller and Barnes &
           Noble stores.

Divisional Merchandise Manager,  Bookstop/Bookstar,  Austin, TX  1991 to 1992
          Direct report to VP of Merchandise

   *       During Barnes  & Noble’s acquisition of  the Bookstop corporation,
           managed and  trained Bookstop’s  buying staff  of 10 buyers  and 5
           assistant buyers during  the transition of buying responsibilities
           from Texas to New York.  This involved training of Bookstop staff,
           New  York  buying staff,  relocation  of  personnel, and  computer
           system conversion.
   *       In addition,  developed and  managed a  team of 3  responsible for
           opening 55 Bookstop  and 25 Barnes &  Noble Superstores.  In order
           to accomplish  this I  designed new computer-based  techniques for
           order  placement,  inventory   replenishment,  store  layout,  and
           merchandising.  These techniques have been utilized in opening all
           499 Superstores.

Senior Buyer, Children's Books,   Barnes & Noble, Inc.,  New York     1990 to
          Direct report to Divisional Merchandise Manager                1992

   *       Responsible for  over $125 million  in annual  revenues across all
           Barnes  &  Noble divisions  including  B.  Dalton, Doubleday,  and
           Scribner's.  Introduced new merchandising techniques and inventory
           assortments  to  better feature  children's  book  product.  As  a
           result  of these  programs, B.  Dalton, Doubleday,  and Scribner's
           experienced   20  -   25%  annual   children's   sales  increases.

Buyer,    Barnes & Noble, Inc.,  New York                       1987 to 1990
          Direct report to Divisional Merchandise Manager

   *       During this period,  was responsible for a  minimum of $80 million
           in   annual  revenues.    Buying  responsibilities   included  all
           divisions.  Developed new  merchandise programs, helped market and
           build numerous authors (such as Elizabeth Peters) and titles (such
           as Silence of the Lambs), and expanded the open-to-buy system used
           by B. Dalton Bookseller.

Store Management,  B. Dalton Bookseller,  Kansas
City, Missouri                                                   1983 to 1987


                ----------------------------------------------

                                  Education

                University of Missouri - Kansas City, Missouri
                  Major: Business Administration, May 1987
                              Minor: Marketing
