Kevin Jones' Resume

                                Kevin Jones

                        E-Mail To: cklose@abest.com

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Beginning October 20th, 1997 I will be a senior analyst with the DASD
corporation of Bethesda, maryland. I will be creating ActiveX controls
using Visual Basic 5.0 and the Control Creation Editor. I will be
customizing software created by Eastman Kodak and Versatility.

I was most recently Computer Operations Manager for the Bureau of
Information and Computer Services of the New York City Fire Department.
There are two main systems under the responsibility of this group, the
Starfire Dispatch System and the UNISYS Administrative system. The Starfire
system is responsible for dispatching all of the 450+ firefighting units to
fires in any of the 5 boroughs of New York City. The UNISYS Administrative
system is used to support our Permit's cashiers system, Overtime system,
Dispatch Incident archive and report, etc.

Over the last 16 years, I have held positions from application and system's
Programmer to project leader To Software Manager. I have written device
drivers, application code, and communications software. I have implemented
industry standard protocols as well as custom written protocols. I have
written and used software for project management. I have managed staff of 2
to 7 programmers. I have very good communication and leadership skills. I
seek a position that allows me to use these skills, grow with and expand on
them, while providing the kind of job satisfaction that I get now through
dispatching Firefighters and Paramedics.

Over the last year I have spent much time using and experimenting with the
new PC database and software development tools. While devoting most of this
effort to Visual Basic and Access, we have also used Borland’s Delphi and
PowerSoft’s Powerbuilder. We are in the process of installing ODBC links to
our older database product’s ( Informix and UNISYS’s DMS/1100 ) so that
these packages can be used as front ends.

I have also started writing an ActiveX application that will serve as the
base for an Intranet system for the Computer Department. This will serve to
give access to the Operational data as well as a real-time link to our
dispatch system for certain lookup functions. Clients around the department
will only need a browser to access the information.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

WORK EXPERIENCE

Beginning October 20, 1997

DASD Corporation - Bethesda, Maryland

Senior Analyst

Fire Department of New York City

1981 - October 4, 1997

November 1, 1996 -> October 4, 1997 / Manager, Computer Operations

Bureau of Information & Computer Services, Fire Department, New York City

Digital PDP-11/84, PDP-11/34, MicroVax II, 3300
VAX 4000, 6510
UNISYS 2200/400, DCP40
MACRO-11, 'C', COBOL, RSX-11M+, VMS, ULTRIX, Linux.
Windows 3.1, 3.1.1, 95, Windows NT
Visual Basic 5.0, Access, Remote Access Services, TCP/IP
Internet Information Server, ISAPI, ActiveX

Manage a staff of 15 Operators

As manager, I am responsible for the staff that operate the Starfire and
UNISYS systems. This is a 24 x 7 responsibility. The staff is reponsible
that all systems are available to the users while performing any and all
backup procedures. The operations staff also performs all production report
jobs.

Develop and Implement Touch-Screen based Tape Library application. Develop
VB 5.0 and ACCESS based report distribution database.

June, 1986 -> 11/1/96
Bureau of Information & Computer Services, Fire Department, New York City
Manager
Starfire Software Group
Digital PDP-11/84, PDP-11/70, PDP-11/34, MicroVax II, 3300
VAX 4000, 6510
Vaxstation 5000/240
MACRO-11, 'C', COBOL, RSX-11M+, VMS, ULTRIX.
Windows 3.1, 3.1.1, 95
Visual Basic, Smalltalk, Delphi, Access, Paradox

Manage a staff of 5 programmers performing application and system software
maintenance as well as all data changes.

As manager, I am responsible for all aspects of software maintenance and
any new features/functions. I manage a staff of 7 programmers and data
administrators (the number was 2 when I began in 1986). We update online
software every month and data every other month as part of normal system
upkeep. This is in addition to the major projects mentioned below. During
this time I interviewed and hired 6 employees. Manage user requests from
dispatchers and firefighters by evaluating and prioritizing those requests
and creating project plan to track their implementation. Management of the
necessary tasks requires tracking all requests from the users (in this
case, Dispatchers and Fire Officers), evaluating those requests and their
possible impact on the system, and deciding on a plan for their
implementation.

Develop and Implement Touch-Screen based status terminal for the Firehouse.

Project required writing of communication protocol software, evaluation of
available Touch-Screens, creation of Interface software, configuration of
PC, and Selection of testing sites. Development was done using Visual Basic
for the interface and Visual C++ for DLL development.

Made use of PC based project management packages such as Harvard and
Microsoft Project to track the many tasks that must be completed.

Management of the staff requires assigning tasks to individuals and
monitoring their progress. It requires performance evaluations and the
setting of goals. I began using a PC based project management package
(Harvard Total Project Manager) in 1986. Since this package did not do all
I needed, I wrote software using Microsoft's 'C' compiler to add functions
for my particular needs. Today I use Microsoft's Windows based PROJECT. I
also use Microsoft's Schedule+.

Wrote drivers that implemented protocols such as DDCMP, Bisync, and some
custom asynchronous protocols.

The dispatch system uses DDCMP to link 6 different locations together. This
is the transparent WAN protocol used by Digital before TCP/IP became
available. It uses various custom protocols for the local link to terminals
and other processors, and for the data links to the firehouses.

PDP-11/84 Upgrade

Upgraded PDP-11/70 purchasing all new hardware, rewriting all drivers and
porting applications.

In 1988, work began on replacing the aging PDP-11/70's with the newer
PDP-11/84's. It started with awarding a contract for a feasibility study.
Once the study showed the plan workable, the process of soliciting bids was
started, and vendors were chosen to supply and deliver the equipment. I was
a principal in all the preceding steps.

The new system required that all device drivers had to be modified and many
support programs had to be written or re-written. I supervised the
programmers that performed this work and acted as an advisor to them.

Mobile Data Terminals

Managed project to install Mobile Data Terminals in all fire vehicles in
the Departments 600 vehicle fleet. This included all necessary application
changes to the dispatch system.

The project to install mobile data terminals in the fire trucks began in
November, 1989. This required writing a Request For Proposal and evaluating
the responses. After choosing which vendors would supply the radio system
(Motorola) and the interface to that radio system, I had to write a data
link between that interface and the dispatch system. City-wide
implementation was completed in January of 1994.

I wrote the device drivers on the PDP-11/84 for the data link, and
supervised the application software that would run on the dispatch system
for this implementation. I also had to write software on the MicroVax 3300
for the data link.

I was the principal contact for discussions concerning contract management
and most technical issues with the 2 vendors.

The system uses Ethernet and FDDI to link 2 MicroVax 3300's. The Ethernet
is used for the terminals servers and links to other processors in the
room, while the FDDI forms a loose cluster between the 2 3300's.

Certified First Responder

Managed the implementation of a data link between the Fire Department and
the Emergency Medical Service for the purposes cooperative response to
cardiac arrests.

Starting in the summer of 1993, FD began responding to all Cardiac Arrests
in the borough of Brooklyn. This required that a BISYNC data link be
established between our two agencies. This project ran for 18 months prior
to the start date and required the writing of an RFP, evaluation of the
responses, selecting the vendor, setting the functional design, and
implementing the pilot project. I was a principal in each of the above
steps.

New dispatch protocols had to be written along with the software to
implement them. Reports had to be provided to evaluate the effectiveness of
the project and software was designed to collect the necessary information.
I was party to the writing of the protocols, and supervised the writing of
all the software.

Microsoft Access was used to produce the original reports. This entailed
extracting the relevant data from the mainframe and importing it into
Access. Subsequently daily reports were produced using this database. Using
the SQL builder allowed quick response to requests for data and analysis
during the early days of the program.

PC/ATS

Managed a project to Emulate our custom acknowledgement panels using a PC
with a touch screen. Using Visual Basic we reproduced all the functionality
of the existing device.

Communications had to be written so that the central computers sa no
difference between the 2 devices.

A visual interface was designed that beared a strong resemblance to
existing devices yet made use of the newer technology by providing a window
for incoming messages. It was also designed to be efficient as a
touch-screen device as this requires properly sized buttons.

These devices are currently being tested in one site and the plan to
complete the rollout to the remaining firehouses.

Starfire II

Participated as a team member in the project to replace the existing
dispatch system. This included writing the Request For Proposal, reviewing
the subsequent bids, choosing the winning vendor, and managing the contract
once it began.

Starfire II is a project in progress to replace the entire existing
dispatch system. The new system has been partially delivered, and training
of the FD staff has been proceeding for over a year. This system uses
ULTRIX workstations (DEC's UNIX) running X-Windows/Motif. The networking is
provided through DECnet using Ethernet for local transport, and TCP/IP for
transport between 9 disparate sites. FD chose DECmcc as the network
management package which is being combined with IBM's Netview.

The designing of the new system has been completed. One of the tasks in
this project has been the complete design of the database that will replace
the myriad files and tables of the existing system. StarfireII will be
using DEC's Rdb, a relational/distributed database. Because of my through
knowledge of the existing system and the data kept on the UNISYS system
(CIHIS), I was an integral part of this design process.

I have taken courses in X/Motif at NYU in preparation for this project,
along with Network management courses at DEC's training facility here in
New York.

January, 1982 -> June, 1986
Bureau of Information & Computer Services, Fire Department, New York City
System Programmer
Starfire Dispatch System
Digital PDP-11/70, PDP-11/34
MACRO-11, 'C', COBOL, RSX-11M+
Starfire uses a operating system created solely to dispatch the
department's fire apparatus. It is not in use anywhere else. As system
programmer, I was responsible for every device driver, all memory
management software, all performance measurement, and evaluation of any new
hardware or functions. I also acted as advisor to the application
programmers when they encountered problems they could not solve. During
this time I created a system dump analyzer, (as system dump reading was my
primary diagnostic tool), analyzed and implemented the expansion of memory
from 640 Kbytes to 1 Mbyte, Implemented split system functions for use on
July 4th, and participated in writing a real-time link between the dispatch
system and the administrative system using the BISYNC protocol.

January, 1981 -> January, 1982
Bureau of Information & Computer Services, Fire Department, New York City
Application Programmer, FD Administrative System
UNISYS 1100/70
COBOL
Wrote system of programs to accept the daily history of fire incidents from
the dispatch system, archive them to tape, and track their status as they
are reloaded for various purposes. This included reading the daily tapes
which had been produced since 1978 and creating archive tapes. The programs
were all written in COBOL and used UNISYS archive facilities to write the
tapes. This system, known as CIHIS (Current Incident HIstory System),
though expanded, is still in use today, and has become the core of the
Department's daily report and statistical functions.

During my time at the Fire Department I have been a user of our
department-wide Novell network. While I have not been an administrator, I
have worked closely with him and am very familiar with the features and
functions.

March, 1983 - August, 1984
New York University Hospital

Consultant to DR.Korien, Neurologist
Digital PDP-11/34
MACRO-11, RT-11

Wrote MACRO-11 code to transfer EMG and EEG data collected from volunteer
students for comparison between cerebral and muscular activity. This
required sampling signals from a data feed, applying a fast Fourier
transform, and storing on tape for shipment to the researchers. As I was
the only person with computer experience, this required acting as
programmer, operator and repair person (including repairing internal
interface boards).

June, 1985 - Present
South Street Seaport Museum

Master, Sailing Schooner Pioneer

Since 1985, I have worked weekends as the master of a sailing schooner at
South Street Seaport. In this job I manage between 4 and 15 paid crew and
volunteers. This vessel carries up to 45 passengers for hire. While it
involves sailing skill, the relevant skill here is leadership. I am a
sought-after captain and enjoy the training of young crew as well as the
sailing. I have also operated a number of power vessels with capacities up
to 600 passengers. I have a Coast Guard issued Master's license for these
positions.

September, 1976 -> May, 1979
Lewis Foods

Shift Manager

As shift manager I was responsible for all activities required to staff a
shift and set the weekly schedule. During each shift, the manager must
position the employees at the right times to provide the required level of
service to match the actual demand. The labor costs must be monitored with
adjustments being made for slow periods. I was responsible for hiring, crew
training and evaluation, and discipline. When covering the closing shift, I
was also responsible for the closing inventory.

1st Assistant
In addition to shift manager duties for the day shift I was required to
write the store budget, take the opening inventory, the daily deposit, all
daily paperwork including payroll, labor and food costs, and reordering all
supplies.

Back to Kevin Jones Home Page
Updated 7/20/97
