 Koti R. Kalakota 14209 Cyber Place, Apt # 103

 Tampa, FL 33613

                                      Phone: (813) 977-5779

                                 E-Mail: Kalakota@tampabay.rr.com

                                 OBJECTIVE

Seeking  a challenging  position developing applications  using VisualBasic
and relational databases  with Access/Sybase/Oracle which encourages growth
and   leadership   opportunities  while   utilizing  technical   expertise,
innovative abilities, and interpersonal skills.

                         SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

An engineer  with five  years professional experience  with solid technical
and computer  skills. A  quick learner and critical  thinker with excellent
research ability  and self-motivation. An enthusiastic  team player who can
produce results under tight time and budget constraints.

SKILLS

 GUI:                      Visual Basic 6.0, 5.0 and 4.0 & PowerBuilder 5.0

 Add. App.                 Crystal Reports & ODBC

 Salient Features          RDO, COM, ActiveX, VBA, 2-3 Tier Applications
 (VB):

 DataBases:                SYBASE, ORACLE, SQL Anywhere, and Access

 EDMS:                     Documentum (database and version control)

 Tools:                    SQL*Plus, PL/SQL, SAS and SPSS

 Operating Systems:        Windows NT, Windows 95, Windows 3.1 and DOS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Programming

Consultant, MangoTech Inc, Tampa, FL Jan’99 – Present

Client: GreatStone Mortgage Inc.

Environment: Visual Basic 5.0, VBA, MS Access, Credit Reporting Tools,
Windows 95

               Developed applications to obtain Credit Reports of
               individuals from EXPERIAN using SMART.alx and distribute
               them to various parts of the country. This is very time,
               finance and credit sensitive project. This application is
               the most critical tool for any mortgage company. This
               application tracks Home Loan Borrowers physical data, credit
               history and other related information.

               Visual Basic for Applications (VBA – Word and Excel) was
               employed for reporting and COM features were used
               extensively. RDO is used for database connectivity and
               retrieval. MS Access is used for data storage. This job also
               involved creating System-Internal-Specification (specs for
               the project), advice to the client, client relationship and
               user training.

General Dynamics Defense Systems, MA April’98-Dec 31’98

          Environment:  Sybase  11, Visual  Basic  4.0  & 5.0,  Documentum,
          Crystal Reports, SftTree, Windows 95

               Worked  with a  team  of 20  in developing  applications for
               Diamler-Chrysler   (Mercides   Benz   and   Chrysler).   The
               application  includes a comprehensive  Diagnostics Authoring
               System and Publish By DataBase2.

               Diagnostics  Authoring Systems  will be  used to  create new
               Vehicle models  including every individual  part in vehicles
               and various models for every vehicle type.
               PublishByDataBase2  helps   in  authoring  manuals  for  the
               vehicles.

               Sybase for  backend and  Visual Basic for  Front End coupled
               with  Documentum for  version  control and  manipulating the
               database using SQL and  DQL are used. ODBC is used to bypass
               Documentum at  critical junctures  to speed up  the process.
               SftTree  (an   ActiveX  component)  is   used  for  creating
               hierarchical  (file  manager  type)  presentations.  Crystal
               Reports  was used  for  reporting. And  also, several  third
               party tools  and ACTIVE-X  Components were also  employed to
               better design the application.

Consultant March'98-April’98

          Environment: ORACLE 7.3.2, Visual Basic 5.0,
          SQL*Plus,PL/SQL,WindowsNT

               Designed  and  developed a  patient  tracking  system for  a
               dietetic  organization.  This  system  keeps  track  of  the
               patient information,  problems, diagnosis, prescriptions and
               other data. This system  also keeps track of billing, health
               insurance policies and  related information. This system was
               initially developed  in MS  Access and later  converted into
               ORACLE with Visual Basic as front end.

BRPC, MA Apr'96-Feb'98

Environment: ORACLE 7.3.2, Visual Basic 4.0, PowerBuilder 5,
SQL*Plus,PL/SQL, Windows95

               Designed and developed time card system for the payroll
               using ORACLE and Visual Basic. This system helps in
               preparing progress reports and invoicing.

               This was initially developed in Excel, and then imported
               into ORACLE

               Designed and developed a mailing system using ORACLE and
               Visual Basic. This system was initially created in Paradox
               and later converted into ORACLE. It enables the user to
               add/modify/delete the information on the contacts. This
               systems aids in selecting the mailing list depending on the
               need and codes. This mailing system also enables the
               printing of mailing labels and actual mail itself.

               Created an application to assist engineers to identify the
               vehicle movement patterns at traffic rotaries. This
               application will take the license plate information from an
               ORACLE database and identify each vehicle's entry and exit
               points, including the direction and intermediate locations.

Systems Administration

BRPC Apr’94-Feb’98

Environment: PCs - DOS, Windows 3.1, Windows 95 and Windows NT

               Supported a staff  of 10. Responsibilities included: Systems
               Administration,  Hardware  fixes,  evaluating  software  and
               hardware   needs   of   the   office,  purchasing   computer
               systems/components, assembling  computer systems, installing
               software packages and operating systems, and
               trouble-shooting software and hardware problems.

EDUCATION

Master of Science Utah State University

Bachelor of Technology Sri Krishnadevaraya University

[Image]
