                                Scott Kolek
                                 Austin, TX
                          resume@skm-software.com
                           (630) 839-8012 (e-fax)
                         Word '97 formatted resume

profile
Practiced and disciplined in component and object oriented development.
Over 5 years of continuous experience in advanced Windows development,
with over 10 years of total computer development experience from
mainframes to desktops.
objective
I want to leverage my extensive Windows programming experience and my
development skills into a senior or lead position with a dynamic energetic
company.
skills
Windows API's from '9x to NT to CE, Visual C++ 1.5 – 6.0, Visual Basic 3.x
– 6.0, Microsoft Transaction Server, Internet Information Server 3.0 –
4.0, SQL Server 6.5 – 7, Access 2.0 – ’97, InstallShield, MFC, ISAPI,
ODBC, DAO, ADO, ASP, COM, ATL, WinSock, HTML, VBScript, JavaScript and
SNMP
experience
4/99 - 7/99 (Contract, Full-Time)
Austin, TX
Senior Windows Developer
Developing a suite of programs for the PSG Software Sustaining – Major
Engineering group to accomplish remotely capturing changes that occur to a
Windows (9x or NT) PC when drivers or software is loaded. The changes are
transferred to a host system for storage, analysis, reporting and output.
Analysis will discover the exact component changes that occurred on the
client computer relating to new or changed files, changes in text files
and registry changes. Reporting will give the engineers detailed lists of
the changes by change type. Output will create installation INF files for
use in reapplying the changes during an automated unattended process.
      ---------------------------------------------------------------
8/98 - 4/99 (Contract, Full-Time)
Addison, TX
Lead Windows / Internet Developer
Initiated and deployed coding standards for all areas of development
within the company, including database design, web development and
application development. Lead developer of e-commerce, data driven web
sites. Handled all phases of web site development including, customer
interviews, scope of work, design criteria, coding and, documentation for
the following sites: www.circline.com and www.journeysshoes.com. These
sites required proprietary development designs for session encryption,
credit card validation, online order retrieval, order processing and order
progress notification. In addition to these complete development efforts,
I assisted in the maintenance and development of: www.audiobookclub.com,
www.enscous.com and www.johnsonmurphy.com.

Developed a distributed credit card authorization and settlement system
using COM components within Microsoft Transaction Server (MTS). The system
serviced requests from multiple IIS web sites, logging all transaction
history to a SQL Server database.

Developed a proprietary Internet pull technology enabling custom audio
content delivery to customers. Client applications enabled reception and
playback of encrypted audio content. Application divided into three custom
Windows .DLL components, dynamically loaded and interchangeable at
run-time and one GUI application. Developed COM components to provide
encryption and decryption of audio content.
      ---------------------------------------------------------------
2/99 - 3/99 (Contract, Part-Time)
Australia
Senior Windows CE Developer
Developer of a wool bidding and purchasing program for the MIPS CE
platform. Application consisted of a client application enabling wool
buyers to keep track of wool lots and bid on specific lots. The server
application import and exported data from the CE device to a dBase IV
database, for use with Congruent's proprietary wool tracking server
software.
      ---------------------------------------------------------------
9/98 - 1/99 (Contract, Part-Time)
Tarzana, CA
Senior Windows Developer
Developed a Windows '95 / '98 file system encryption driver and GUI
application for a proprietary Smart Card device. All file extensions
contained within the GUI application were intercepted at the file system
level and enciphered or deciphered dependant upon the correct active Smart
Card.
      ---------------------------------------------------------------
10/97 - 8/98 (Contract, Part-Time)
Flower Mound, TX
Senior Windows CE Developer
Senior developer of a construction project management application for the
SH3 HPC platform. Project consisted of seven modules, interfacing with a
desktop based project management application, enabling construction site
managers to collect and manage information on the job site utilizing
HPC's. Development consists of desktop server components, HPC client
components, and complete installation routines for the desktop and HPC.
      ---------------------------------------------------------------
6/97 - 8/98 (Contract, Full-Time)
Irving, TX
Lead Windows Developer
Lead developer of the Information Resource Management department,
responsible for engineering, development and implementation of an
enterprise wide solution for desktop software installations and change
control management. Development projects involving multiple network OS's,
desktop OS's, and development languages, are briefly detailed as follows:

Complete suite of application modules to provide enterprise desktop
software installations: Suite provided tools to perform 'before' and
'after' PC desktop imaging. The deltas of these images where then compiled
into installable 'packages', containing file binaries and registry
modifications necessary to replicate installations on any Windows '95
desktop throughout the enterprise.

Engineered architecture and developed utilities to provide enterprise
software change management: Software 'packages' and installation
restriction/requirement instructions placed on a NetWare file server,
during user workstation logon the instruction file would determine the
allowance/dis-allowance of software installation.

TCP/IP status and troubleshooting application: provided a graphical access
to DNS addresses, local gateway, resolved host name and DNS server search
order's. This utility would be used in conjunction with help desk
personnel, to determine TCP/IP problems. All the above IP addresses, along
with user entered IP addresses could be 'pinged', providing max, avg, min
round trip packets times, and packet lost information.

Password secured registry editor and browser: designed a registry editor
similar to Microsoft's existing regedit.exe. All registry modifications
requested were password protected by a randomly generated key, which could
only be calculated by help desk personnel, this effectively would prevent
employee's enterprise wide from performing damaging registry
modifications.

Developed utilities to collect all NDS database object information,
populate a MS SQL Server database, and provide web interfacing to the
collected data via the company's intranet.

Novell server connection list enumerator: developed utility to run every
few hours, that would locate every Novell file server, enumerate all
connections, and store this information in a SQL Server database.
Department management would then use this information in an effort to
track Novell licensing requirements.
      ---------------------------------------------------------------
10/95 - 6/97 (Full-Time)
Alexandria, LA
Lead Windows / Internet Developer
Sole developer for Internet service provider, responsible for all web site
development, internal customer service application development, and
e-commerce web development.

Partnered in development with Motorola to provide a graphical management
interface to their 925 rack modems. Developed Windows interface and SNMP
polling mechanism. Application provided network administrators a point and
click method of monitoring and updating modems via SNMP. Previously only
telnet capabilities were available.

Credit card processing DCOM component instantiated from any of Linknet's
Windows NT web servers, provided instant credit card authentication and
recurring charge capability. All maintained, monitored and logged in a DEC
Alpha platform based SQL Server, using Visual C++ 4.2 as the development
environment.

ISAPI extensions and filters developed for a long distance
telecommunications provider provided automatic import and parsing of
customer's long distance charges and the ability to securely view their
bills over the web.

Custom applications and web interfaces were developed to provide Linknet's
internal customer service department, the ability to view, maintain and
submit change requests to any of Linknet's clients and internet service
customers.
      ---------------------------------------------------------------
6/94 - 9/95 (Full-Time)
Van Nuys, CA
Network Administrator, Programmer
Developed Windows based MRP system for the purchasing and manufacturing
departments. Application would gather information nightly from mainframe,
produce faxable orders and reports that the IS department were not capable
of creating from the mainframe. Application also tied into EDI system for
order confirmations and shipment information.

Installed small network to enable manufacturing, purchasing and finance
departments, the ability to communicate more efficiently. Microsoft Mail,
and Windows for Workgroups, along with basic file sharing were set-up on a
10meg Ethernet network.
      ---------------------------------------------------------------
9/90 - 6/94 (Full-Time)
Chatsworth, CA
Shipment Planning Analyst
      ---------------------------------------------------------------
6/87 – 9/90 (Full-Time)
Chatsworth, CA
Lead Production Planner
