                             Robert J. Kostick

                             42 Trumbull Drive

                        Wallingford, CT 06492-2052

                         E-mail: RKostick@tiac.net
                      For a text version click here.

                                  [Image]

Career Objective:

To obtain a position that accentuates my technical knowledge and ability to
deliver quality business solutions and products.

Computer Skills:

   * Operating System knowledge includes:  VAX, Microsoft DOS, VM, UNIX,
     Microsoft Windows 3.1, Microsoft Windows 95, Microsoft Windows NT
     Workstation, and Microsoft Windows NT Server, Microsoft SQL Server.
   * Software knowledge includes:  Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word,
     Microsoft Access, WordPerfect, Lotus 1-2-3, Folio Views, Norton
     Utilities, Procomm Plus, and Sybase.
   * Programming Knowledge includes: COBOL, SQL, Visual Basic, C++, Java,
     and HTML.

Education:

   * Central Connecticut State University, New Britain, Connecticut
     Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems, December 1995
     G.P.A. in Major: 3.08
        o Courses include:  Decision Sciences Seminar, Distributed Data
          Process, Relational Database (SQL), EDP Audit, Structured Systems
          Analysis and Design, Information Systems Analysis and Design,
          COBOL II, Accounting II, Managerial Accounting, Principles of
          Management, and Principles of Law.

Work Experience:

   * Profitec, Wallingford, Connecticut
     Programmer - January 1997 to Present
        o Developed Client/Server billing application for Telecommunication
          Resellers.
        o Performed Database Analysis on billing application for Microsoft
          SQL Server environment.
   * Aetna Inc., Hartford, Connecticut
     Programmer/Analyst - January 1994 to December 1996
        o Integrated systems planning by managing and coordinating systems
          delivery from a core set of models.
        o Coordinated and integrated strategic systems planning,
          implementation of the fundamental business model, and alignment
          with projects.
        o Improved productivity, resulting in 15% expense reduction of
          systems delivery and maintenance costs, and ensured new
          initiatives are delivered as planned.
   * Woodbridge Tree and Landscaping Service, Bethany, Connecticut
     Full-time Employee  - May 1991 to August 1993
        o Performed strong public relation skills.
        o Advised owners for an updated computer system.
        o Obtained an operators license through certification.
   * G.M.H. Marketing, Durham, Connecticut
     Warehouse Employee - March 1989 to August 1990
        o Manufactured and shipped children's educational materials to
          customers.
        o Verified monthly and year-end inventories.

Activities and Interests:

   * Computers, Skiing, Football, Golf, Mountain Biking, Reading, and
     Volleyball.

References:

          Available upon request.

                                    [Image]
