Hew Lowe
Software Developer
Resume of Qualifications



hewl@gte.net

Skills:

    Technologies:

     Enterprise-Wide, Client/Server Systems and Applications
     Shrink-Wrapped Windows Applications
     Large-Scale Data Base Design and Implementation
     Internet/Intranet Applications
     Mail-Enabled, Work-Flow Applications

   Applications:

     Banking:             Loan Origination and Tracking, Credit Collections
     Desk Top:           Personal Information Management,
                               Project Management, Entertainment
     Engineering:        Wiring Documentation,
                               Telephone Facilities Management
     Entertainment:     Television Program Scheduling
     Insurance:           Disability Policy Illustration
     Manufacturing:     Factory Data Collection, Shop Order Control,
                               Quality Control
     Medical:              Emergency Room Automation
     Sales/Marketing:  Customer Information, Direct Marketing,
                               Sales Force Automation

    Environments:

     IBM PC:             DOS, Windows (3.x, 95, NT), Lotus Notes
     Internet:             TCP/IP, World Wide Web
     DEC VAX:          VMS
     Tandem:            GUARDIAN, PATHWAY
     IBM Mainframe:  OS/MVS, VM, TSO/ISPF, CMS

    Tools:

     Access, C, COBOL, BASIC, HTML, Lotus Notes, Microsoft Office,
     Pascal, SQL, Sybase SQL Server, Visual Basic 


Education:

    San Francisco State University - San Francisco, CA
    BS Business Administration (Management Information Systems)


Experience:

NBC - Burbank, CA (4/98 - Present)
As a senior systems analyst, I am designing and developing the program scheduling component of
NBC's data wherehouse. This will eventually allow fast, easy, browser-based access to NBC's schedule
information. NBC employees, affiliated stations, publications, and the viewing public will all have direct
access to NBC's schedule at a level appropriate for each.

Massachusetts Casualty Insurance Company - Boston, MA (7/96 - 4/98)
As a consultant, I have acted as a project leader and primary developer for a suite of insurance policy,
sales illustration applications.

These products have been developed for the Windows 3.x/Windows 95 platforms using Visual Basic 4.0
and Access 2.0. While each illustration tool is a separate application, all of the programs share a
common code base and a common database for handling clients, agents and groups.

I have built additional analytical tools using Excel to call Visual Basic components of the sales
illustration applications. These tools allow the marketing department to evaluate large groups of
prospective clients.

AT&T WorldNet Internet Services - Burbank, CA (3/96 - 6/96)
As a technical support consultant, I provided customer support for AT&T'sWorldNet Internet Service.  I
participated in taking WorldNet from beta testing to live system by providing direct telephone support,
developing procedures for use in WorldNet's support database and for answering e-mail inquires.  Support
issues included: TCP/IP, World Wide Web, e-mail (SMTP and POP), Netscape Navigator and Microsoft
Internet Explorer.

Lotus Development Company - Cambridge, MA (7/93 - 1/95)
As a contract developer, I developed client/server, graphical user interfaces for Lotus' customer
databases.  I used Visual Basic version 3.0 to present information stored in Sybase and Lotus Notes
databases.

As a consultant, I participated in the development of an enterprise-wide customer information solution. 
This included the redesign of the existing end user customer database, the design and implementation of
a corporate customer database tied to Dunn and Bradstreet and development user interfaces which tied
this data with data from account management and sales force automation systems.  The result was a
single source for customer information which was capable of supporting direct marketing, corporate
marketing, customer support, contract sales, and sales force automation.

Fulcrum Software - Providence, RI (11/92 - 7/93)
As a partner, I was responsible for all facets of the software development process. All of our products
were designed as stand-alone, shrink-wrapped Windows applications and all were developed using Visual
Basic versions 2.0 and 3.0 with Objectrieve/VB.

Geoffrey Hosta M.D./Hemet Valley Hospital District -Los Angeles, CA (2/92 - 2/93)
As a freelance analyst and programmer, I worked with Dr. Hosta to develop an application used by
emergency room doctors to simplify decision making and record keeping tasks during examination,
treatment, and release of patients.  This system was developed using Visual Basic 1.0 and
Objectrieve/VB.

FUTUREKIDS - Beverly Hills, CA (4/91 - 9/92)
As an instructor, I taught children and adults the use of computer applications and the concepts of
computer science.  I developed two courses for children which teach the fundamentals of computer
science, programming, and robotics.  These courses were incorporated into the FUTUREKIDS curriculum
and taught throughout the FUTUREKIDS franchise network worldwide.

Freelance - Los Angeles, CA (7/90 - 1/93)
As a freelance computer consultant, I provided consulting services to individuals and businesses. These
services included: determining hardware andsoftware requirements, making purchasing decisions,
installing hardware, installing shrink-wrapped software, writing custom software, and training users.

Security Pacific Automation Company - Los Angeles, CA (7/87 - 6/90)
As a Unit Manager, I was responsible for the On-line Credit Systems group. This 8 person team
supported the Bank Card and Consumer Loan collections and evaluation departments by supplying
computer and information system solutions.  These solutions included TANDEM PATHWAY applications
and PC based automatic telephone dialing systems.

As a Technical Consultant, I provided Security Pacific's Residential Real Estate department with data
analysis, system design, and programming support for their on-line computer systems acting as project
leader on several projects.

Lockheed Missiles and Space Company - Sunnyvale, CA (1/85 - 5/87)
As a Systems Analyst and Programmer, I was responsible maintenance, support, and new development
of systems used to run the factory floor on a 24 hour-a-day basis.  These systems included TANDEM
PATHWAY and IBM mainframe COBOL applications used for data collection, shop order control, and
quality assurance.

             Back to Hew's Homepage |Contact Hew for More Information
