   Joseph L. Mabel

jmabel@speakeasy.org

I am not currently seeking work.

As of September 8, 1997, I am employed at Salt Mine Creative and I hope to
be there for a long time. My resume is left here as a description of my
professional history for those who might be interested.

Skills/Strengths:

Software Development: Specification, design, programming, debugging.
Emphasis on data structures, object-oriented design, efficient algorithms,
flexible configuration, graphics, and user-friendly interface.

Management: Scheduling and estimation, consensus-building, management of
technical personnel, coordination between technical and non-technical
personnel.

Communications: Strong written and oral communicator. Documentation
experience includes specifications, user documentation, and preparing
software systems for source licensing. Worked as a freelance writer prior
to my involvement in computing.

Problem-solving and flexibility: A broad range of experience including both
regular and contract employment in a variety of environments. Feasibility
studies, overall systems design, database and data structures work, close
work with people from a variety of professional backgrounds.

Experience:

Orca Medical Systems(1996-April 1997)
Program Manager

Chief responsibility for specifications for a Windows- and SQL Server-based
medical records system. This required building consensus among a group
which ranged from nurses and physicians (both in-house and out) to software
engineers and, in some cases, client hospital clinicians and CIOs. Typical
examples are:

   * Worked with domain experts to analyze dozens of distinct scenarios by
     which data may become part of the medical record. Successfully
     communicated these to a team of software engineers.
   * Completely redesigned over 200 data entry dialog boxes. Developed a
     consensus among half a dozen individuals who began with very divergent
     visions of the product. Developed a "vocabulary" of about 15 screen
     controls which covered cases which, in an earlier release of the
     product, had used approximately 50 distinct controls.
   * Designed a complete overhaul of a medical records database schema and
     supporting code along object-oriented lines. Introduced a full
     journalizing capability while actually reducing disk storage
     requirements and speeding access for common operations.
   * On a regular basis, wrote acceptable draft specifications of features
     requested by clients or prospects within hours of request.

Active Voice Corporation (1991-1996)
Software Architect, Project Lead

Software Architect for Repartee, the flagship product of the world's
leading manufacturer of PC-based voice mail. Repartee is a highly
multi-tasking voice mail system which integrates with third-party E-Mail
and various proprietary LAN-based applications.

Managed "Project Mercury," a 10 engineering person-year project.
Responsibilities included:

   * Directly supervised 6 FTE software engineers, QA Lead, Technical
     Publications Lead, Field Test Coordinator. Coordinated with Marketing,
     Training, Technical Support, and Production departments, as well as
     Platform, Desktop Applications, and Software Components groups within
     Development.
   * Led and motivated this team to achieve our mandate and deliver the
     product.
   * Evaluated feature requests.
   * Set schedules and tracked progress of project. Negotiated with
     engineering management for resources and delegated work
     responsibilities within the team.
   * Authored one third of requirement definition documents and design
     description documents. Directly involved in all requirement and design
     reviews.
   * Coordinated code reviews.

Project Mercury achieved its goals, including: merged three separate code
bases, each offering significant unique features; converted from 16-bit
code and non-preemptive multi-tasking to 32-bit code and preemptive
multi-tasking; expanded from 36 to 60 simultaneous voice conversations,
while improving performance; added features in support of fault tolerance;
improved system configurability; improved modularity of code; allowed
on-line backup; improved granularity in the locking scheme to remove
limitations on certain operations occurring simultaneously; improved APIs
to maximize forward compatibility; allowed analog networking of multiple
voice mail systems.

Other achievements at Active Voice:

   * Managed several other projects, including initial development of Fax
     Mail, which integrates fax traffic into Repartee.
   * Instituted much-improved coding discipline, including the introduction
     of code reviews.
   * Developed server support for ViewCall, a breakthrough system which
     allows clients to control incoming phone calls from their desktop
     computer.
   * Made major improvements in the design of the Repartee database and
     major extensions to the voice interface.

HealthWare Corporation (1989-1991)
Senior Software Engineer

   * Liaison to Marketing for 3-person design team.
   * Designed and implemented a system to edit structured nursing notes and
     other structured medical records. Performed extensive database work to
     support this design.
   * Improved design of report generator, resulting in order of magnitude
     speed improvement.
   * Implemented several Windows custom controls.
   * Implemented HL/7 protocols (ISO conformant level 7 protocol for the
     health care industry).

MegaCADD (1983-1988)
Co-founder, Senior Software Engineer

   * Designed and implemented three-dimensional graphics capabilities,
     including efficient automatic hidden line removal, walkthrough
     animations, DXF (AutoCad) interchange, and highly interactive creation
     of models and components, including manipulation of curves by handle
     points.
   * Supervised 3-person project team. Set design priorities. Reviewed all
     technical specifications. Set coding, documentation, and testing
     standards. Scheduled and monitored all project work, ranging from user
     documentation to device interfaces.
   * With this team, developed four major releases of Design Board
     Professional (now MegaModel from Design Futures Incorporated), the
     pioneering three-dimensional CAD application on PCs. Architecture
     Magazine (February 1987) called this product, which produces
     perspective renderings and other drawings, "splendid...the only good,
     inexpensive 3D program."

In addition to my permanent positions, I have worked as a consultant and
contract engineer. This work ranged from feasibility studies and marketing
studies to development work and project management. Major projects have
included:

Portable Cellular Communications (1988-89)

Transformed software specific to a single cellular phone rental company
into a production system which formed the basis of Cellular Technical
Services, a joint venture with Nynex.

   * Extensively interviewed PCC programming staff to produce a document
     which resolved Nynex's issues about the flexibility of the software
     and applicability beyond one company.
   * Wrote in-line documentation of code, created system diagrams, wrote
     functional and technical descriptions of programs, files, and
     interprocess communication. Organized source and object libraries and
     created "make" files.
   * Completely redesigned and rewrote point-of-sale software to create a
     single configurable program.
   * Designed simulation/testing environment and developed a strategy for
     fault tolerance.
   * For CTS, wrote programs for data verification, telephone switch
     interfaces, long-distance telephone billing, serial and TCP/IP
     communications.

Energy International (1987)

   * Designed and implemented a graphical user interface, which added
     interactive grid design, profiles, vector plots, and contour graphs to
     an existing fluid dynamics system.
   * Established administrative procedures for Apollo network. Greatly
     improved relations with Apollo and other vendors.

Telematic Products (1982)

Member of a team which designed and implemented UTS-4000, a fault-tolerant
table-driven system which gathers telephone billing information and relays
this to a central billing computer.

Education:

M.S. in Computer Science, University of Washington (Seattle, WA). Master's
thesis describes my design of the interactive symbolic debugger included as
part of DEC's Pascal-36. Other major projects while in graduate school
included a LISP interpreter and a preprocessor to translate concurrency
specifications into C code to manage semaphores.

B.A. Cum Laude in Mathematics, Wesleyan University (Middletown, CT).

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Back to my home page.

Last modified: September 2, 1997
jmabel@speakeasy.org
