                                   Resume

Mikhalyov Vladimir Yurievich

Solnechnaya str. 10, 45, Odessa, Ukraine

Phone (38-0482) 63-67-12 (home)

e-mail: vym@octant.tenet.odessa.ua

OBJECTIVE: Software engineer/system analyst/programmer for wide areas.

QUALIFICATIONS: More then ten years of experience in wide area of software
development (from 1984).

   * development of client-bank system with encrypt protection and digital
     signatures
   * development of program to keep encrypted diary
   * development of JAVA applets

Have a network administrator experience. Worked alone and in teams.

TECHNICAL SUMMARY:

HARDWARE: IBM PC.

SOFTWARE:

Operating systems: MS DOS & compatibles, MS WINDOWS (3.x, NT, 95), Novell
                   NetWare 386

Languages:         Delphi, Visual Basic, C++, JAVA, Assembler, Clipper, C,
                   Pascal, Fortran, Clarion
                   Delphi 2.0, Visual Basic 5.0, MSVC++ 5.0, JAVA, MASM
Compilers:         5.0, TASM, Borland C++ 3.1,
                   Clipper 5.2, Turbo Pascal 5.5, Fortran IV, Clarion.
Databases:         Interbase, Access, Btrieve, Paradox, DBF

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

                   Project programmer, Odessa Science & Research
                   Communication Institute and small interprise "OCTANT",
                   Odessa, Ukraine

                   Development of client-bank system.

                   Customer: more then 30 enterprises in several branches
                   of local banks in Odessa and Odessa region.

                   Description: the system fulfil communication between
                   bank and clients via telephone lines, e.g. Internet
                   servers. Now the Windows NT version of the bank part is
                   under construction. The program uses encryption and
                   digital signature utilities according to Russian
                   standards.Previous version of the program was created
                   using Visual Basic.

                   Participation: Designed, coded, tested and documented
                   the software

                   Development environment:: Borland Delphi 2.0 and MSVC++
                   with Interbase databases for bank part. Clipper,
                   Assembler, C++ for client part.

                   Development of diary program with encryption

                   Description: this program allows:

                        - to keep diary or other notes

                        - to set and change password
May 1992 -
present time            - to format text using RTF

                   The program is simple, but useful.It has excellent
                   encryption protection with good text format features.

                   Participation: Designed, coded, tested and documented
                   the software

                   Development environment: Win32, Visual Basic 5.0

                   Development of JAVA applet for language teaching

                   Description: the applet can work in several modes:

                        - user point picture and applet show text and play
                        work spelling

                        - applet show text and user should point
                        appropriate picture

                        - applet play word spelling and user should point
                        appropriate picture

                   The applet is language independent. All data (pictures,
                   texts, sounds and ABC) are passed to it as parameters.
                   So it could be used for any language. Demo data for
                   russian language is ready. Under development.

                   Participation: Designed, coded, tested and documented
                   the software

                   Development environment: Win32, JAVA
                   Project programmer, Military Service at Air Forces.
                   Moscow, Russia.

                   Customer: Air Forces.

                   Development of programs for control and technical
                   problems.

Jul. 1987 - Mar.   Description: development of the programs, concerning
1992               flight simulation and the analysis of flight control
                   systems (their stability and performance). Creation data
                   base program to accumulate experiment data.

                   Participation: Designed, coded, tested and documented
                   the software

                   Development environment: MS-DOS, Clarion 2.0, MS C 5.0,
                   Turbo Pascal 5.0
                   Engineer of CENTRAL AEROHYDRODYNAMICAL INSTITUTE. FLIGHT
                   DYNAMICS DEPARTMENT. Moscow, Russia.

                   Customer: CENTRAL AEROHYDRODYNAMICAL INSTITUTE.

                   Development of programs for numerical calculation of the
                   dynamics of flight control systems.

Sep. 1986 - Jun.   Description: the programs used different stability
1987               analyzing criteria and complex algorithms for numerical
                   calculations. The results were presented in various
                   graphs and figures.

                   Participation: Designed, coded, tested and documented
                   the software

                   Development environment: BESM-6 (similar to IBM/370),
                   FORTRAN IV

EDUCATION: 1981 - 1987 - FACULTY of the AEROMECHANICS & FLIGHT MACHINES
MOSCOW INSTITUTE OF PHYSICS & TECHNOLOGY, Moscow, Russia.

ENGLISH: Fluent written language (both reading and writing). Oral language
is fluent enough for the talk of technical kind but still requires a little
practice.

FRENCH: It's worse than english, but sufficient for technical talks and
communications.

PERSONAL: Birthdate: Dec., 26th, 1963 Married.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Home]
