Saurabh Saxena

Summary

More than 2 and half years of experience in IT performing in client server
and web applications. Strong programming and design background with proven
ability to finish projects promptly and successfully. Familiar with most of
the leading software design/development tools and current technology.
Strong communication and problem solving skills.

Education

   * B.E. (Electronic) Instrumentation and Control from Delhi Institute of
     Technology, University of Delhi, India. 76.85 % aggregate (1992-1996)
   * School Leaving Examination from St. Xavier’s School, Delhi, India.
     86.8% Aggregate (Distinction in all subjects) (1991-1992)

Detailed Experience

Small Scale Industries Information Dissemination System (SENET)
Period       October 1998 onwards
Position     Module Leader
Customer     Ministry of Industries
Company      CMC Ltd.
Project      The aim of the project is to develop and maintain a web site
Description  for SENET that provides information to small entrepreneurs and
             other industries. The SENET offices throughout India have
             access to data on the SENET intranet while the end user
             external to SENET can get information and forms from the SENET
             web site. External agencies like NSIC that maintain similar
             information are also connected to the SENET intranet and can
             share information with SENET.
Role            * Responsible for formulating a 3 tier approach for the
                  SENET project in which database connectivity is provided
                  by COM objects using ADOs, developed in VB6 and hosted in
                  MTS. The interface and forms have been developed using
                  IIS applications (web classes) in VB6 and Oracle 8 is
                  used as the backend. JavaScript has been used for client
                  side validations.
                * Developed the Project Profiles and Cluster Studies
                  applications and supervised the development of other
                  applications.
                * Developed a library of common routines in JavaScript and
                  VBScript to aid other members of the team in development.
                * Converted HTML objects into COM objects that serve HTML
                  on the fly and can be referenced in VB6 IIS applications.
Software     Microsoft Visual Basic 6.0, Borland JBuilder, Microsoft Visual
             InterDev 6.0, Microsoft FrontPage Express 98, Microsoft
             Internet Information Server 3.0, JavaScript, VBScript, Oracle
             8.0, Microsoft Transaction Server, Windows NT Server 4.0,
             Microsoft Visual Sources Safe 6.0
Hardware     Digital Dual Pentium II servers, Pentium II desktops.

The Election Commission of India
Period       February 1998 – March 1998
Position     Module Leader & DBA
Customer     The Election Commission of India, New Delhi, India.
Company      CMC Ltd
Project      The aim of the project was to set up an India wide network,
Description  automate the process of collecting fast track counting data
             from individual states, storing it in one India-wide central
             database, summarizing the fast track information and
             displaying the latest trends and results on a web site
             developed for the purpose. The web site (www.eci.gov.in) was
             developed for this purpose. Online reports and other static
             reports were also to be generated for the purpose of
             declaration of results. The General Elections ’98 and State
             Elections ’98 were conducted with this system in place. This
             project was given the ‘Outstanding Project of the Year Award’
             for the financial year 1998.
Role            * Designed and developed a data consolidation application
                  that fetched data from the states and consolidated it in
                  the central database at Nirvachan Sadan, New Delhi. This
                  did not require manual intervention or monitoring. 2
                  modules of the application are installed in every state
                  and one part is installed at the Election Commission, New
                  Delhi. The application transferred new data by FTP over
                  leased lines and ERNET. At the center the application
                  consolidated the data in the central database. The
                  application was developed in VB5, the state databases
                  were Access97, Internet Information Server was used for
                  FTP servers, and the central database was Oracle 7.3.
                * DBA for the central Oracle database. Member of the
                  database design team
                * Supervised and helped in the development of data entry
                  forms.
                * Developed templates, utility routines to assist
                  developers. VB5 was used For development and Oracle 7.3
                  and Access 97 were used as backends.
                * Developed custom ActiveX’s in VB5.0 to aid forms
                  development, interface Enhancement and deployment at the
                  Election Commission of India Intranet.
Software     Visual Basic 5.0, Internet Information Server 3.0, JavaScript,
             Oracle 7.3, Microsoft Access 97, Crystal Reports 4.6, Windows
             NT Server 4.0
Hardware     Digital Alpha machine for web server, Digital Dual Pentium II
             servers for FTP and database servers and Pentium II desktops.

Time Trak
Period       August 97 – Feb 98
Position     Lead member of the development and design team.
Customer     Inacom Information Systems
Project      Time Trak helps Inacom manage employees' payroll data, create
Description  weekly billing for their customers etc. This system also
             uploads and downloads performance and forecast data from
             various branches periodically and on-demand basis.
Role         Enhanced the database design and developed the application in
             VB5. Also created reports in Crystal Reports 4.6.
Environment  Visual Basic 5.0, MS Access 97, Crystal Reports 4.6, Windows
             NT.

Punjab State Warehousing Corporation (PSWC)
Period       June 97 – February 98
Position     Member of the export module, handled the gate passes module
             and predeposit accounts module and it’s billing procedures.
Customer     Punjab State Warehousing Corporation (PSWC)
Company      CMC Ltd.
Project      The aim of the project was to automate the entire
Description  functionality of the CFS (container Freight Station). The CFS
             interfaces with multiple external agencies and has complex
             billing procedures for calculating the handling charges,
             loading/unloading charges, wharfage, transport charges etc.
             The system needed to be fully online and needs to track
             individual containers as well as the status of the container
             yards. This software records all arrivals, departures at all
             the entry/exit checkpoints by generating gate permits, cargo
             receipts etc. This software has more than 40 screens and 50
             reports.
Role         Handled the PreDeposit account module and it’s billing
             procedures and interfaces to external agencies. Also developed
             the gate passes and job permits modules.
Environment  Developer 2000, Oracle 7.3.3, Windows NT.

Freight Operations Information System (FOIS)
Period       February 97 – June 97
Position     Module Leader of the TMS (Terminal Management System) module
             of FOIS.
Customer     Indian Railways
Company      CMC Ltd.
Project      TMS is a part of the Freight Operations Information System
Description  which provides comprehensive operational system to terminals
             i.e. goods sheds and sidings, to manage wagon demands,
             loading, invoicing, revenue accounting and other activities
             related to the Terminal organization. The main objective of
             FOIS is to computerize the freight operations of Indian
             Railways.
Role         Lead a 3-member development team for the terminal management
             system.
Environment  Visual Basic 4.0, MS Access 97, Crystal Reports 4.6, Windows
             NT.

Pharmacy Automation System
Period       August 96 – January 97
Position     Lead member of a 3-person development and study team.
Customer     Commercial Product.
Company      Tata Consultancy Ltd.
Project      The project scope included preparation of the SRS, development
Description  of the Pharmacy Automation System. This system tracks
             inventory, creates prescription forms, and provides patient
             data and history. It also suggests alternative drugs in case
             one brand is exhausted in the inventory and warns the
             pharmacist if a medicine stock falls below a certain critical
             limit set in the software.
Role         Lead member of a 3-person development and study team.
Environment  C, SCO Open Server.

Web site design and administration
Company      This is a personal project..
Description  Helped design and develop the web site www.cranes.org
             Responsible for maintaining the site and updating it since it
             was posted first on 11th October 1997. Used Netscape Composer
             4.0, Home Site 2.5 for designing the pages. PhotoShop 4 was
             used for optimizing and retouching photographs on the site

Extra Curricular Activities

 Position    Member of the college basketball, badminton teams.

 Interests   Music, Photography, and Wildlife.

Professional Trainings and Seminars

   * Attended a 3 day training on the middleware RTR (Reliable Transaction
     Routing)
   * Conducted a 10-day training for the Election Commission of India
     project group for Visual Basic 5.0 in CMC Ltd. in July 1998.
   * Attended the Microsoft Developer Days held in New Delhi that covered
     application development using the Microsoft Visual Studio 98. Also,
     regularly attended the MSDN seminars held in Delhi
   * Attended a 10-day training in Borland IntraBuilder 1.5 and JavaScript
     conducted by the PiMeson Software training group in Aug 1998.
   * Designer 2000 training at Software Technology Group Intl. In June 97.
     The duration of this course was 2 weeks and various aspects of SSAD
     were covered in this training. This training was done at the
     Department of Electronics, CGO Complex, Govt. of India.

Personal Details

          Full Name Saurabh Saxena
      Date of Birth 18th March 1974
                Sex Male
        Nationality Indian
    Passport Status Valid Indian passport holder
     Marital Status Single
Contact Information 91-11-395 0694 (Residence) After 7 PM IST

                    mail:saurabhsaxena@hotmail.com,
                    saurabhsaxena@cranes.org

[Image] PageTrack

                       Download a Word97 Version here
