
   SCOTT SEARLE
   President, DirecTeq, LLC                  [ click here to contact me ]

                      UPDATE (March. 1999) -- I haven't had much of a
                      chance yet to revise this since I've been working
                      nonstop on the following projects: Microsoft
                      Office 98 (Mac), Microsoft Outlook Express (Mac
   [Image]            and Win), Metrowerks Code Warrior (Mac and Win),
                      and Microsoft Office 2000 (Win). I'll have more
                      details later. However, as you can imagine, these
                      projects consumed the latter part of 1997 and all
                      of 1998.

   PROJECTS

   Scholastic Inc.
   Huggly's Excellent Adventure
   This multimedia CD-ROM product is a game, designed for kids to be fun
   and educational. It is a cross-platform product that makes use of a
   single set of media, including sprite-based animation, sounds and
   movies. We developed the Macintosh and Power Macintosh versions in
   tandem with the Windows development.

   enterMarket, Inc.
   Internet Site/Tools
   This project involved designing and developing a web site for this web
   service company. The web site includes many back-end tools which
   automatically process a customer's order, apply credit card charges
   and install a user account on the server, including DNS, sendmail, IIS
   and FrontPage configuration. In addition, we have continually
   supported this company with custom CGI programs, written in Perl, C,
   C++, Java and VBScript, for its internal use and for its clients.

   Apple Computer, Inc.
   OpenDoc/OLE
   This project involved the development of a Microsoft OLE/Apple OpenDoc
   compatibility layer. This layer, also known as Component Glue, allows
   for seamless OLE and OpenDoc interoperability. The project included
   the development of OLE servers, OLE clients and OpenDoc parts.

   Microsoft Corporation
   Microsoft Test for Macintosh
   This project involved porting Microsoft Test 3.0a for Windows to the
   Power Macintosh using Visual C++ 4.0 and the Visual C++ Cross
   Development Edition 4.0. Microsoft Test is used internally by
   Microsoft's desktop applications groups.

   Microsoft Corporation
   Microsoft Project 4.0
   This project involved the development of Microsoft Project 4.0 for
   Macintosh, with specific emphasis on producing a native PowerPC
   version. Development on this project included C, C++ and PowerPC
   601/604 assembly code using Microsoft Visual C++ 3.0 (cross-compiler
   for PowerPC).

   Virtual AdVentures, Inc.
   Fly-fishing CD
   This project involved developing Windows and Macintosh versions of a
   multimedia CD-ROM product. The product contains images, sounds,
   movies, animation and custom printing capabilities.

   Microsoft Corporation
   Ozone Factory
   This project involved the development of a game using Macromedia
   Director. It also involved the production of animation sequences,
   QuickTime movies (using Adobe Premier), sound effects, narration and
   original music.

   Microsoft Corporation
   ODBC
   This project involved porting the Open Database Connectivity (ODBC)
   auto tests and test application from Windows to Macintosh using
   Microsoft Visual C++ 2.0 (cross-compiler for Macintosh 680x0) and WLM
   (Windows Layer for Macintosh, a library that makes it easier to port
   Windows code to Macintosh). ODBC ships with many Microsoft products,
   including Microsoft Excel.

   Microsoft Corporation
   Setup Application
   This project involved porting Microsoft's Setup Application to
   Macintosh. Additionally, it involved porting the disk layout,
   compression and back-end tools. This application serves all of
   Microsoft's product groups and is the standard installer application
   for all Microsoft products.

   Microsoft Corporation
   Electronic Store
   This project is the Microsoft Electronic Store, an electronic software
   delivery system for CD and on-line systems. We wrote all the Macintosh
   code for this project, including encryption, user interface, and
   production tools.

   Microsoft Corporation
   Electronic Store Catalog
   This project involved the production of Macintosh and Windows versions
   of the Electronic Store Catalog. The catalog makes heavy use of
   movies, sounds, soundtracks, sound effects, animation, graphics and
   styled text. The interface is styled after MSN's web site and features
   dynamic content, receiving updated information from the Internet and
   MSN.

   Apple Computer, Inc.
   Apple Guide
   This project involved the development of Apple's on-line documentation
   system-Apple Guide. This feature became available with Apple's System
   7.5 and provides context-sensitive help at the system level.

   Apple Computer, Inc.
   Macintosh Basics
   This project involved the development of "Macintosh Basics," an
   interactive, multimedia presentation that ships with all Macintosh
   computers. This system is designed to give novice users a review of
   the basic skills necessary to use the Macintosh and a chance to
   exercise those skills within the program.

   Claris Corporation
   Imaginaria
   Imaginaria is a photo-realistic, multimedia screen saver for Macintosh
   and Windows computers. We developed the Macintosh version, including
   the animation engine, sound handling software, and animation modules.

   Viacom New Media
   On Cue II
   On Cue II is a Macintosh utility package that has twice been voted one
   of "15 Best Utilities" by MacWorld magazine. It is a collection of
   file launching/finding utilities.

   Viacom New Media
   Squeegee
   Squeegee is a Windows utility that implements a subset of the
   utilities included in On Cue II for Macintosh.

   Corbis Corporation
   (a Bill Gates company)
   Multimedia Database
   This project involved the development of a high-capacity, multimedia
   database capable of storing images, sounds, movies, text and other
   binary data. This application was designed to allow Corbis to catalog
   its large collection of electronic artwork.

   Corbis Corporation
   Seattle Art Museum Kiosk
   This project involved the development of the Seattle Art Museum Patron
   System (kiosk). This system is currently available in several
   locations throughout the museum and is a multimedia presentation
   system that provides high-resolution, large-scale images of selected
   collections in the museum.

   LANGUAGES, PLATFORMS & TECHNOLOGIES

   Platforms
   Windows CE, Windows NT, Windows 95/98, Macintosh (680x0), Power
   Macintosh, UNIX systems (Linux, A/UX, MachTen).

   Development Languages/Technologies
   C++, C, 680x0 and PowerPC 601, 603 and 604 Assembly, Perl, Microsoft
   ActiveX, Apple OpenDoc, ASLM, Apple Code Fragment Manager, MacApp,
   Microsoft Foundation Class Library (MFC), Pascal, Object Pascal, ODBC,
   SQL , Data Access Language, Visual Basic, Macromedia Lingo, HyperTalk,
   TCP/IP, Novell Netware.

   Development Environments/Tools
   Microsoft Visual C++, Windows Layer for Macintosh (WLM), MetroWerks
   Code Warrior, Macintosh Programmer's Workshop (MPW), Symantec/THINK
   C/C++, Apple Media Toolkit, Macromedia Director, HyperCard, Visual
   Basic, Macsbug, SLM, RAID, Projector.

   DirecTeq, LLC
   333 5th Place South
   Kirkland, WA 98033-6683
   425-881-9259
