David A. Meyers
P.O. Box 499
Blue Hill, ME  04614
207-374-9924 (home)	   207-374-2404 (fax)
dmeyers@bell.mma.edu

Objective:
To confuse NLP Lite and give it Jim Bob Roy something for every Duke, Notre Dame, Rutgers slot such as IBM, Standard & Poors, Carnival Cruise Lines and even dates August, 1966-March, 99 which is my David Adam Meyers life so far.  Good luck especially with all that Israeli military stuff-is that education, work experience, or what?  Maybe put it in it's own slot-the hard knocks, no sleep, lots of pushups, catch the terrorists, hunt the subs (sub sunk?), show the flag slut  oops I mean SLOT.  Have fun, keep up the www.sambatilludrop.org, ddehilster@taiwhydidiquitmyjob.com on now enough of this already.

Education
M.S. Maritime Management-Maine Maritime Academy  (1996)
Operations and ASW Officer-Naval Command School, Israel Defense Forces (1990)
Commissioned Naval Officer-Naval Officers School, IDF  (1989)

License
Master 1600 Gross Tons, Oceans

Work History
Assistant Professor of Marine Transportation, Maine Maritime Academy (1998-present)
Designed new courses for the Small Vessel Operations major.  Implemented a new license program and earned US Coast Guard approval for the curriculum.  Taught courses in navigation and marine operations, specializing in the technology, regulation, management, and economics of the shallow-draft commercial marine industry.   

Management Consultant (1997-present)
Consulted as an independent contractor to Mercer Management Consulting.  Performed analyses and developed strategies for a wide variety of clients.  Designed models for shipping market segmentation, tanker trade analysis, and ship lifecycle cost forecasting.  Clients included oil majors, foreign and domestic vessel operators, shipyards, a major Atlantic port, and the U.S. Government.

Captain, Tidewater Marine Inc. (1994-1997)
Designed and executed a major study of human fatigue in Tidewater's Gulf of Mexico fleet.  Operated offshore supply vessels as mate and master in the Gulf of Mexico and California.  Improved safety and efficiency of the Santa Ynez Unit logistics operation in cooperation with the division's largest customer, Exxon Corporation. Gained broad experience and knowledge of workboat, shallow-draft commercial marine, and offshore energy industries.

Captain, Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Naval Branch  (1987-1993)
Served as a line officer on a variety of combat, training, and weapons testing vessels, attaining the rank of captain.  Supervised up to 25 personnel.  Coordinated operations among combined forces for weapons tests.  Developed operational procedures for a new class of vessel.  Coordinated operations for joint maneuvers with the U.S. Sixth Fleet. 

Skills
Strong computer skills: MS Office, internet research, spreadsheet modeling. 
Excellent written and oral communications skills.
Languages: English and Hebrew (fluent), Spanish (conversational)
