 JAMES EVERETT HARGRAVE III
 (303) 774-8507
jhargrav@indra.com
 

OBJECTIVE:
 
To secure a position as a software engineer in the field of multilingual software development or natural language engineering.
 
EXPERTISE:
 
* Software Internationalization * Computer (Aided) Translation  
* Object Oriented Programming  * Natural Language Engineering
* Information Retrieval  *  Spanish Competence  
 
    Operating Systems
 
Windows 95, Windows NT, LINUX, UNIX, MS-DOS, OS/2, Mac
 
       Languages
 
C++/C (7 years), Perl (5 years), Smalltalk (6 months), Pascal (2 years), Modula-2, 
Prolog, Common Lisp, Java, TCL/TK
 
       Software Packages
 
 Microsoft Visual C++ (versions 1.51 to 6.0) and Microsoft Foundation Classes, 
LEX/YACC, VisualParse++, JavaCC, Trados, IBM TM/2, Eurolang
 
OTHER EXPERIENCE:
 
Translation tools, Statistical and Corpus-Based Natural Language Processing, 
Computational Morphology, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, 
Parsing and Filters, Human-Computer Interaction, Usability Testing, L10N, Unicode
 

SUCCESSFUL PROJECTS:
 
Multilingual Web Search Engine
Principle Inventor, Desginer and Implmentor.  Web search for 11 languages including Chinese, Japanese and Korean.
 
Multilingual Translation Memory Engine
Principal Inventor, designer and programmer.  Patent Pending technology for fast fuzzy matching 
in any language.
 
Parallel Text Alignment 
Principal Programmer and Designer.  Automatic alignment of translated texts.  Uses 
probabilistic model to align source and target language sentences.
 
Terminology Extractor
Lead a team of four undergraduate interns. A sophisticated statistical program that 
automatically extracts relevant terminology from texts.
 
Spanish Part-of-Speech Tagger
Principal Programmer.  One of the first high coverage Spanish part-of-speech taggers.
 
Language Independent Sentence Boundary Detection
Principal Programmer and Designer.  New approach to language independent sentence 
breaking for translation tools. Uses a machine learning approach.
 
Semantic Disambiguation
Team Project.  Developing new statistical and vector based techniques for automatic 
word sense disambiguation.
  
Vector-Based Morphology
Masters Research.  Statistical and vector based algorithms for language independent 
word stemming.
 
Syllable-Based Latent Semantic Indexing (LSI)
Research.  New approach for deriving LSI vectors for information retrieval.  
 
Fast Analogical Model
Principal Programmer and Designer. A very fast implementation of Skousen's AM,  
a general machine learning program used in various translation tools.
 
Text Processing Utilities for Information Retrieval
Personal Project.  Several utilities written in C++ and Perl for gathering n-gram 
frequency and co-occurrence counts from large texts.
 

WORK HISTORY:
 
11/94 - Present, INTERNATIONAL LANGUAGE ENGINEERING CORPORATION Boulder, Colorado, Senior Natural Language Engineer 
 
Responsible for designing and implementing state-of-the-art translation and I18N 
tools.  Principal inventor of a language independent fuzzy matching engine 
used in several translation and localization tools (Patent Pending). Also responsible 
for managing a team of interns in developing innovative natural language applications. 
Helped design and implement several custom software localization tools for clients. 
 

8/92 - 11/94 COMPUTING RESEARCH LAB Las Cruces, New Mexico, Research Assistant
 
Developer on the Cibola translator workstation project.  Cibola is 
a large project underway at CRL that is researching state-of-the-art techniques and their 
application to machine aided translation.  Cibola embodies several key technologies such 
as multilingual information retrieval, parallel text alignment and fuzzy matching.  The 
applicant was chosen for the project because of his expertise in computational 
morphology and Spanish. Also Developer on the Pangloss machine translation project.  Pangloss 
is a three site endeavor exploring a multi-paradigm approach to automatic translation.  
The applicant was chosen for the project over dozens of applicants for the position 
because of his diverse shills in Linguistics, Computer Science and Spanish.
 
1/92 - 6/92 CARL VINCENT INSTITUTE OF GOVERNMENT Athens, Georgia, Full Time Analyst/Programmer
 
Responsible for the design and implementation of a sophisticated Geographical Information 
System.  The applicant began the job with no previous knowledge of GIS or the 
Arc/Info development system, but quickly learned the technology. In addition, the GIS 
system had a very short schedule for completion, but was delivered on time.  
This system is currently used by the Cobb County Tax Assessors Office, a major 
county near Atlanta, Georgia.
 
5/90 - 1/92 UGA DEPARTMENT OF POULTRY SCIENCE Athens, Georgia, Programmer
 
In charge of implementing software for research and education. One such program, 
UFLP (User Friendly Linear Program) has been published with the book: 
Computer Applications in Animal Feed Formulation: 
Principles, Practices and a Microcomputer Program.  UFLP has won several awards for 
outstanding educational software.
 
EDUCATION:
 
1994  (All But Thesis) - NEW MEXICO STATE UNIVERSITY  Las Cruces, New Mexico, MS in AI and Natural Language Engineering
GPA 3.9/4.0
 
1990 - UNIVERSITY OF GEORGIA   Athens, Georgia, BA in Linguistics with Computer Science Minor
 
PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS:
 
Association for Computational Machinery (ACM)
American Machine Translation Association  
Association for Computational Linguistics.
 

PUBLICATIONS AND PATENTS:
 
Patent Number US5724593: Machine assisted translation tools. Principle Inventor. 

Farwell, D., Helmreich, S., Jin, W., Casper, M., Hargrave, J., Salgado, H. and Weng, F.L. 
(1994).PANGLYZER: Spanish Language Analysis System in Proceedings of AMTA-94 
(Association for Machine Translation in the Americas). 
 

