                              RESUME

                       David A. Schulenburg, Ph.D.

5313 Flintstone Ln.                            (540) 341-7725 (home)
Broad Run, VA  20137                         (703) 748-3474 (office)
                                         email: schulenb@ics.uci.edu


EXPERIENCE:

  ExpLore Reasoning Systems, Inc.  January 1997 to present
    Senior Technical Staff, Rule based systems development and
      maintenance for financial applications and in the telecom
      industry.  CORBA design and implementation.  Curriculum
      development -- courses on rule based programming.

  Associative Computing, Inc.  July 1996 to January 1997
    Senior AI Engineer, Applied NLP research for intelligent agents.

  The Aerospace Corporation  March 1990 to July 1996
    Senior Member Technical Staff, Support research on SDVS, a hardware
      and software formal verification system.  Responsible for local
      lisp installations.  Participated in the design and implementation
      of a network simulation language and a genetic algorithms scheduler.
      Performed research in computational geometry.  Designed a modular
      compression protocol (for compressing digital images) using
      object-oriented technology.

  University of California, Irvine  September 1985 to March 1990
    Research Assistant, Research utilizing abduction in belief revision.
    Instructor, Courses on: introduction to artificial intelligence (AI)
      and AI programming techniques (Lisp).
    Teaching Assistant, Courses on: introduction to computer science,
      software engineering, and introduction to AI.

  MAI Basic Four  July to December 1987
    Engineering Intern, Design an ``Universal Printer Driver.''

  Cognitive Systems, Inc.  March 1983 to August 1984
    Research Scientist, Natural language processing for data base
      requests (including parser maintenance), expert system for data
      base access, data base design.

  Naval Ocean Systems Center  October 1982 to February 1983
    Scientist, Natural language processing (parsing, inference, and
      formatted generation) of navy messages -- the NOMAD system.

  University of California, Irvine  March 1981 to June 1982
    Research Assistant, AI research (natural language processing and
      inferencing).
    Teaching Assistant, Courses on: introduction to computer science
      and advanced Lisp programming.

  Johnson Controls, Inc.  September 1980 to March 1981
    Systems Analyst II, Specified, designed, and implemented a Control
      Network Communications Protocol system for micro/mini computer
      communications.  Performed analysis on algorithms used in process
      control.

  Sperry Univac (Australia) Ltd.  April 1979 to December 1979
    MCO Product Analyst, Provided pre/post sales support to local
      customer base, including: system software implementation and
      maintenance, development of special software, performance tuning,
      support to Customer Engineering, and educational instruction.

  Sperry Univac MCO (formerly Varian Data Machines) July1976 to September 1978
    Programmer, Developed turn-key, on-line real-time applications in
      FORTRAN and assembly languages.  This included on-site installation
      and integration.

EDUCATION:
  PhD, December 1995, Computer Science, University of California, Irvine.
    Dissertation title: Learning and Using Context in a
    Connectionist Model of Natural Language Understanding.
  MS, December 1982, Computer Science, University of California, Irvine.
    Thesis title: Generating Alternate Interpretations: Directing
    Inference During Story Understanding.
  BS, June 1977, Computer Science; BA, June 1977, Mathematics,
    University of California, Irvine.

Computer Languages Used: CommonLisp (and other lisp dialects), ILOG Rules,
  ART*Enterprise, Prolog, C/C++, CORBA, various others.
  (My expertise is in Lisp and rule-based programming languages.)

Operating Systems Used: UNIX, Windows NT/95, other older OSes.

REFERENCES:
  Available upon request.  

PUBLICATIONS:

  Schulenburg, D. (1995). Learning and using context in a connectionist
    model of NLU.  in "IJCAI Workshop on Context in Natural Language
    Processing." Montreal, Canada.

  Pazzani, M. J., P. Murphy, K. Ali, and D. Schulenburg. (1994).
    Trading off coverage for accuracy in forecasts: Applications to
    clinical data analysis. in "Working Notes: AAAI Spring Symposium:
    AI in Medicine: Interpreting Clinical Data." Stanford, CA.

  Schulenburg, D. (1993). Using context to interpret indirect requests
    in a connectionist model of NLU. in "Proceedings of the Fifteenth
    Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society." Hillsdale, NJ:
    Lawrence Earlbaum Associates, Inc.

  Schulenburg, D. (1992). Sentence processing with realistic feedback.
    in "Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on Neural
    Networks '92."  Piscataway, NJ: IEEE.

  Schulenburg, D. (1992).  "Sentence Processing with Incremental Feedback."
    Technical Report 92-51. Department of Information and Computer Science,
    University of California, Irvine.

  Schulenburg, D. (1991). Using a connectionist model to learn indirect
    speech act interpretation (extended abstract). in "Working Notes:
    AAAI Spring Symposium: Connectionist Natural Language Processing."
    Stanford, CA.

  Schulenburg, D. & M. Pazzani (1989). Explanation-based learning of
    indirect speech act interpretation rules. in "Proceedings of the
    First International Workshop on Lexical Acquisition." Detroit, MI.

  Pazzani, M. & D. Schulenburg (1989). The influence of prior theories
    on the ease of concept acquisition. in "Proceedings of the Eleventh
    Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society."  Hillsdale, NJ:
    Lawrence Earlbaum Associates, Inc.

  O'Rorke, P., S. Morris, & D. Schulenburg (1990). Theory formation by
    abduction: A case study based on the chemical revolution. in
    "Computational Models of Scientific Discovery and Theory Formation,"
    Jeff Shrager and Pat Langley, Eds. San Mateo, CA: Morgan Kaufman.

  O'Rorke, P., S. Morris, & D. Schulenburg (1989). Abduction and world
    model revision. in "Proceedings of the Eleventh Annual Conference
    of the Cognitive Science Society."  Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Earlbaum
    Associates, Inc.

  O'Rorke, P., S. Morris, & D. Schulenburg (1989). Theory formation by
    abduction: Initial results of a case study based on the chemical
    revolution. in "Proceedings of the Sixth International Workshop on
    Machine Learning."  Palo Alto, CA: Morgan Kaufmann
989). The influence of prior theories
    on the ease of concept acquisition. in "Proceedings of the Eleventh
    Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society."  Hillsdale, NJ:
    Lawrence Earlbaum Associates, Inc.

  O'Rorke, P., S. Morris, & D. Schulenburg (1990). Theory formation by
    abduction: A case study based on the chemical revolution. in
    "Computational Mod