[Headhunter.net Homepage] [Find Jobs] [Find Resumes] [My Stuff] [Get Help]

  [Image]                              [Image]

Find Résumés : Résumé Details

Software Developer
 Kifle Bekele
 208-1810 East Georgia, Vancouver, BC V5L 2B6,
 Tel: (604) 255 9587
 E_mail: k_bekele@hotmail.com
 Career Objective: Software Developer

 To apply the leading edge Oracle, Visual Basic, Java, Windows NT 4.0,
 Access, and PL/SQL in the E-commerce project and provide IT solutions
 with a progressive IT/Development company.

 IT Projects and Development
 ITI Information Technology Institute, Ottawa, Ontario
 Student/Team Member

 ? In a team of five, designed and developed a complete cycle of
 forms/applications using Oracle 8, Developer 2000, Forms 4.5, ERD
 Diagram, Procedure Builder 1.5, and Reports 2.5 to capture and track
 project details. Created and implemented SQL*Plus, and PL/SQL packages,
 procedures and functions to manage the data.
 ? Web Page: Designed and constructed a prototype web presence using HTML,
 VBScript, and the Frontpage ’98 web development tool. The site was
 deployed using NT Server 4.0 and IIS. Designed and created an Access ’97
 database.
 ? Implemented a server-side processing application for a placement agency
 using the Visual Basic family of tools including VB5, VBScript, Access 97
 and Active Server Pages. Developed the application using Object Oriented
 programming and COM principles. Built the connection between the
 application and the Access database using ADO, ODBC and SQL.
 ? Network Administration: Assembled Pentium server and
 installed/configured Windows NT 4.0 to the Internet using TCP/IP.
 Prepared a submission in response to a Request for Proposal for the
 design and implementation of a fully functional local area network LAN
 for a midsize office.
 ? Utilized VisualAge for Java to convert the VB placement agency
 application to Java. Used JDBC to connect to a legacy DB2 database.
 Created Java applets to provide web access.

 Work Experience

 Data Analyst Feb 1997 - May 1997
 Statistics Canada, Ottawa, Ontario
 ? As part of a team of 25 Data Analysts, correlated complex data
 /information for all the provinces of Canada. The results were analyzed
 and integrated into the statistics for Canada 1997 Census Project. The
 responsibility included reading maps and input to the database.

 Supplies Officer Sep 1988 - Oct 1990
 Ministry of Agriculture, Addis Abeba, Ethiopia

 ? Managed warehouse for the Ministry of Agriculture. The warehouse was
 responsible for receiving and issuing motor vehicle equipment, office
 supplies and furniture. Inventory was worth $1,000,000 dollars (US).
 ? Streamlined the shipping and receiving department by conducting
 on-going reviews and updates of stock level figures which lead to better
 monitoring of invoices and accuracy of account coding.
 ? Supervised a team of six people who were responsible for the overall
 function of the warehouse such as shipping, issuing, recording, updating,
 and reporting.

 Relief Officer Jan 1985 – Dec 1985
 United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR)/ Red Cross
 Addis Abeba, Ethiopia

 ? In charge of relief to 100,000 Sudanese refugees who had fled their
 country due to war and famine.
 ? Responsibilities included distribution of basic needs, assessing
 physical and material needs of refugees.
 ? Compiled statistics for the overall relief effort.
 ? Prepared reports using graphs and scales to demonstrate how the
 materials and food were distributed and to identify the number of people
 receiving the help.

 Interests
 ? Calligraphy and logo design
 ? Current affairs, reading books, and Guitar

 Education

 Diploma in Applied Information Technology (post graduate), 1999
 ITI (Information Technology Institute),
 Ottawa, Ontario.

 Bachelor of Arts – Economics 1996
 University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario.

 References and Portfolio are available on request

 Details
 Desired Job Type: Full Time                      Location:CA-BC-Vancouver
           Desired Employee or
  Employment Type: Contractor                     Relocate:World
           Degree: 4 Year Degree               Will Travel:Up to 50%

       Experience: At Least 1 Year         Citizen/SecurityYes/Yes
                                                 Clearance:
 Contact
          Company:
            Email: kbekele@ottawa.iti.ca
             Name: kifle
            Phone: 604 255 9587
              Fax:
     Contact Type: Job Seeker
 Miscellaneous
       Categories: Computer
      Last Change: 1999/07/19 20:17:02
