[Headhunter.net Homepage] [Find Jobs] [Find Resumes] [My Stuff] [Get Help]

  [Image]                              [Image]

Find Résumés : Résumé Details

Computer programmer
 Ellen Braverman
 Tel: (604) 876-9291
 109-3637 Cambie Street E-mail:ellen1@intergate.bc.ca
 Vancouver, BC V5Z 2X3
 Canada

 Summary: I am a hard-working, self-motivated professional with a solid
 fundamental background in computer programming. I have extensive
 experience with Visual Basic, dating back to version 4. I specialize in
 building n-tier database solutions, using Visual Basic to build
 business rule servers and database access layers. I have worked with
 SQL Server 7, Activex Data Objects (ADO), MTS, ASP, and HTML.

 I have good communication skills and, as my references will attest, I
 am an excellent team player.

 Professional Profile :
 Programmer
 - Welcome to search. Search Engine ( VB-6, SQL Server 7,
 ASP, HTML,Visual Modeler, MTS, COM, Business Objects )
 - Foundation 2000 (C, C++, MFC)
 - PD Software (C, Pascal)
 - Procarry( Perl, HTML, Java )

 Data Base Developer
 Welcome to Search
 PD Software

 Web Developer
 safesol.com
 jfgv.com
 iicvan.com
 nq.com/dance
 procarry.com

 Education:

 1998 Fasttrack Software Engineering Program
 UBC, Vancouver
 (Software Engineering , Programming – C/C++).

 1997-1998 C, C++, VB5
 VCC, Vancouver.

 1995 Microcomputer Business Application Diploma. (Graduated with
 Honours.)
 School of Business. Vancouver, Canada.
 (Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Paradox 7, Visual Basic 4,
 dBaseIV).

 1993 C/ C++, Unix.
 Tel-Aviv, Israel.

 1982-1988 M.Sc. Applied Mathematics.
 Politecnical University, Leningrad, Russia/Chernovtsy State
 University, Ukraine.
 Specialization: Computer Programmer.

 Work Experience:

 1998-Present PROGRAMMER
 Welcome To Search, Vancouver.

 ? Developed “Welcome To Search” engine software.
 E-R Modeling, SQL Server 7.0, wrote stored procedures, wrote class
 libraries to access a very large database, used ADO, ASP, HTML and MTS.

 1998 PROGRAMMER
 Softrend, Vancouver.

 ? Developed “Foundation 2000” software.
 Coding, Testing Softrend Software for Accounting Companies
 (C, C++, MFC )

 1998 WEB DEVELOPER
 Intergate. Vancouver.

 ? Created of Web Sites (CGI, MiniVend, HTML, Perl, JAVA
 scripts)
 ? Graphic Design (Photoshop, Corel Draw)

 1995-1997 PROGRAMMER
 Printing Direct, Vancouver.

 ? Developed program for Printing Direct software.
 Coding ( C, Pascal) , Testing PD Software for Real Estate Companies
 Creation of Database Applications ( M. Access and VB4 )
 Maintain existing scripts (C, Pascal)

 1995-present WEB DEVELOPER
 Access B.C. INC and Cambie Publishing. Vancouver.

 ? Creation of Web Sites (CGI, MiniVend, HTML, Perl, JAVA
 scripts)
 ? Graphic Design (Photoshop, Corel Draw)

 1988-1993 PROGRAMMING ENGINEER
 Institute of Automatic . Academy of Sciences.
 Chernovtsy, UKRAINE.

 LANGUAGES: Assember , Pascal, Fortran for mainframe computers.

 WelcomeTo Search Engines Inc. (Project Summary)

 In the fall of 1998, I was hired to help develop a regionalized
 business directory for the Internet. In the first few weeks of the
 project, I participated in design sessions that culminated in a project
 plan and an entity-relationship diagram of the database we needed to
 build.
 While the database administrator built the database, I worked on a
 team of 2 to design the class libraries we would use to access the
 database. We also designed and coded a data import to bring data into
 the database. Our import read records from a flat file and used the
 class library to normalize the data, generating the foreign keys that
 we used to create relationships between records. This phase of the
 project employed ADO, DCOM, SQL statements and Visual Basic 6.
 Of the original 6 developers who were hired to work on this project,
 my team leader and I were the only members of the team who proved
 adaptable enough to work on all phases of the project – the others were
 asked to leave the team when they were unable to acquire new skills
 fast enough to continue contributing.
 After working on the data import routines, I went on to work on the
 data management routines. This phase of the project was especially
 challenging because we were required to write routines to drill down on
 a database with millions of records. During this phase of the project,
 I wrote SQL Server stored procedures – I was one of only two developers
 who were able to understand the intricacies of the database well enough
 to this.
 By the time the final product was going to be delivered, WelcomeTo had
 merged with an e-commerce company, and the business plan had changed.
 In addition to providing an on-line business directory service,
 WelcomeTo has become an e-commerce portal that provided links to
 hundreds of e-commerce related resources on the Internet. Under very
 severe time constraints, I helped build a Portal Link Management System
 to manage new tables that had been added to the database. Again, I used
 ADO and wrote SQL statements.
 When the Portal Links Management System had been developed, I worked
 with the web team to connect our web pages to the database. During this
 phase of the project, I used VB Script to write Active Server Pages,
 ADO and HTML.
 During the final phases of the project, I am modifying our DLLs to
 ensure statelessness so that the DLLs can be registered in Microsoft
 Transaction Server.

 During this project, I have come to appreciate the importance of
 careful planning. I have also come to appreciate the power of Visual
 Basic’s object-oriented features. I learned to write code to solve
 specific problems, but I was also able to provide solutions to general
 problems that were reused throughout the project. I have become a
 stronger programmer because of my work at WelcomeTo.

 Details
   Desired Job Type:Full Time                     Location:CA-BC-Vancouver
  Desired Employment
               Type:Employee                      Relocate:LocalArea

             Degree:Graduate                   Will Travel:Up to 50%
                    Degree

         Experience:At Least 3             Citizen/SecurityYes/No
                    Years                        Clearance:
 Contact
            Company:
              Email:ellen@wtsearch.net
               Name:Ellen
              Phone:(604)876-9291
                Fax:
       Contact Type:Job Seeker
 Miscellaneous
         Categories:Computer
        Last Change:1999/08/09 18:00:43
