[Headhunter.net Homepage] [Find Jobs] [Find Resumes] [My Stuff] [Get Help]

  [Image]                              [Image]

Find Résumés : Résumé Details

Computer Programmer
 RESUME
 JIM GRAY
 # 218 – 511 West 7th Avenue
 Vancouver, BC V5Z 4R2
 (604) 877-0599

 OBJECTIVE

 Computer programming position for the creation of business oriented
 software solutions.

 EDUCATION

 Canadian School of Business - Completion of M.C.B.A program with honours,
 1989

 Graduated Qualicum Secondary School 1983.

 SKILLS

 Specializing in database development, my work experience as a programmer
 has involved the generation of a wide variety of programs. I have been
 involved in the complete creation process from concept to implementation
 of many computer applications both for business use and for products
 currently on the market.

 ? Computer database programming in the ‘Xbase’ language area with focus
 on Foxpro in the last nine years.
 ? Visual Basic
 ? Clipper
 ? Systems analysis and design
 ? Multi-user programming
 ? Ability to create code which can “write” code (4GL)
 ? Impact Analysis / Permutation Testing
 ? Advanced SQL coding
 ? MS -SQL Server
 ? Program design for speed including full use of Rushmore technology
 ? Data Dictionary writing experience to allow new programmers to join in
 on projects
 ? Solving of difficult algorithms
 ? Presentation on two occasions at the Foxpro User’s Group with topics of
 ‘Creating Market Quality Software’ as well as ‘Rapid Application Design’.

 ? Attended 3 day SQL Server Course (Microsoft Canada)

 SPECIAL PROJECTS

 The programs I have created for businesses are too numerous to mention
 but I have listed some of the more specialized / larger ones here.

 ? Creation of a Internet trading application which was a client/server
 developed program which allowed for the register of trading partners with
 one another and the computerization of invoice/purchase order/factor
 operations with a main host back end processor.

 ? A bar code system for the city of Surrey which is used to monitor the
 road signs maintenance and the inventory maintenance systems including
 the programming of the hand-held LaserLite Pro bar code readers. There
 are some 45,000 road signs monitored with this system.

 ? A bar coding system for the monitor of custom truck parts with EDI
 download capture.

 ? A high volume entry system for a central hub of optical data for
 British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba which could handle
 the data entry and processing of up to 4500 orders per days. The software
 was written in Visual Basic with Btrieve ODBC connectivity.

 ? An ordering system for medical office supply companies used by some
 sixty users.

 ? Creation of the “Turbo-Class” program responsible for the full
 anecdotal report carding system for the elementary schools in British
 Columbia. This was a market-quality software package.

 ? Creation of the “TRAX” grade point average software in use by high
 schools in British Columbia for the data integrity checking of the high
 school marks data. This too was a market quality software package.

 ? A mainframe to microcomputer linking system which took regular
 “snapshots” of mainframe data and,
 by means of an IRMA board, downloaded the data to a PC for auto-faxing.
 This project was designed
 for the main Overwaitea distribution plant in Langley at a time when
 faxing software was not common in the
 marketplace.

 ? Development of a full telemarketing system which involved uploading of
 data from various sources.

 ? Creation of two entire network marketing software programs responsible
 for the tracking of sophisticated tree structures with complicated
 monetary calculations, cheque generation and a self-designed graphical
 genealogy reporting method.

 ? Development of a mortgage debt consolidation program with a “designer”
 method of reducing mortgage amortization length and interest which was
 used by an international company.

 ? A turn-key purchase order system for wholesalers which permits the
 company to mass distribute the
 software in-house. The program features a unique data-linking system
 which can auto-adjust to various
 wholesalers’ database inventory files.

 EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

 Custom Reporting / Douglas & McIntyre
 Technical Support / Programming Vancouver, BC
 June 1999 - Present

 Internet Trading App./
 SQL Server Upsize for
 Ethical Funds Contract work for I.T. Systems
 1998 – Jan 1999 Vancouver, B.C.

 Insurance Benefits AON Consulting
 Software (Premium Admin Vancouver, BC
 System / Consolidation)
 Feb. 1999 – May 1999

 Bar Code Software City of Vancouver / City of Surrey
 Traffic Signs/Parking Meters
 Present
 April 1999-May 1999

 Purchase Order Software Medical Surgical Supply
 (Distributable) North West Territories
 Mar. 1998 – May 1998

 Multi-Level Software RJ Morgan, North Vancouver
 1995-1997 Charity Express, Vancouver

 Cataloguing / Commissions Western Canada Pet Supply
 1995-Present

 Mortgage / Debt Software Canadian Legal Shield, North Vancouver
 1995-1996

 School Marks / Report Carding TCS Developments Inc., Vancouver
 1990-1992, 1994-1995

 Room Reservation Program Globe Motel, Vernon
 1992

 Special Reports Energy, Mines & Resources, Vancouver
 1990, 1992 Info-Tel, Vernon

 Auto-Fax Programming Overwaitea Foods, Langley
 1991

 Telemarketing Software Transglobal Marketing Ltd., Richmond
 1991

 4th Generation Programming Finning Tractor, Vancouver
 1989

 Inventory Control Digicomm, Vernon
 1989-1992 Robinson Book Company, Parksville
 Griffith’s Agencies

 Teaching / Programming On-Track (formerly Rossi, De Groot & Associates),
 Vancouver
 1989-1990

 Financial Planning Software Hodgins, Leard & Proteau, Vancouver
 1989-1990

 REFERENCES

 Available upon request.

 Details
 Desired Job Type: Full Time                      Location:CA-BC-Vancouver
           Desired Employee or
  Employment Type: Contractor                     Relocate:Country
           Degree: 2 Year Degree               Will Travel:Road Warrior

       Experience: More than 5             Citizen/SecurityYes/No
                   Years                         Clearance:
 Contact
          Company:
            Email: jdgray@sprint.ca
             Name: Jim Gray
            Phone: 604-877-0599
              Fax:
     Contact Type: Job Seeker
 Miscellaneous
       Categories: Computer
      Last Change: 1999/08/05 10:50:40
