[Headhunter.net Homepage] [Find Jobs] [Find Resumes] [My Stuff] [Get Help]

  [Image]                              [Image]

Find Résumés : Résumé Details

Junior programmer
 WEI LIN
 1407 E 11TH AVE VANCOUVER, BC V5N 1Y6
 TEL.(604)708-3618 FAX.(604)708-3618 E-mail: tianjin97@hotmail.com

 POSITION SOUGHT: Junior programmer

 SKILLS:
 * Proficient in C/C++, Visual Basic, Java, HTML and Access
 * Bilingual: English and Chinese
 * Excellent logic and creative skills

 WORK EXPERIENCE:
 Aug. 1997- Feb. 1998
 Glas Aire Industries LTD., Vancouver, BC, Canada
 Glas Aire specializes in manufacturing acrylic automotive
 accessories.

 Assembler
 * worked on production line, checked for defective parts and
 assembled car components.

 Jul. 1987- Jul. 1997
 Metal Works of the Fourth Construction Company, SINOPEC, Tianjin,
 China
 The Fourth Construction Company of China Petrochemical Corporation
 (FCC, SINOPEC in abbreviation) is the largest comprehensive
 construction company in China's petrochemical industry.
 Metal Works is a manufacturing branch of FCC. With 1,100 employers
 and both national and international standards (such as ASME), It
 specializes in the fabrication of petrochemical equipment, steel
 structure.

 Manager, Technical Development Department 1996- 1997
 Was responsible for developing new products and improving the
 technical level of production.
 * One project accomplished was to build a production line of
 color-coated corrugated sheets, which were used for roofs and
 walls of buildings, especially industrial buildings.
 * Another project was to develop the techniques for fabricating
 steel structures which were used as the frame of highrise
 buildings.

 Supervisor and Engineer-in-charge, Workshop No.1 1994- 1996
 Was in charge of technical management and quality control of
 products.
 * Optimized production levels of products by creating a
 procedural-manufacturing system that would reduce duplication of
 work between departments. This resulted in high efficiency and
 quality of products. Our Quality Control Team received the
 National Award of Excellence and the Tianjin City Award of
 Excellence in 1995.
 * As a member of a special committee that was responsible for
 implementing ASME Code (short for American Society of Mechanical
 Engineer), was responsible for preparing and submitting relevant
 documentation and reports to ASME representative.
 * As a member of the ISO9000 Control Committee, was responsible
 for ensuring implementation of the ISO standard at work.

 Engineer, Technical Development Department 1987- 1994
 Worked on team to improve manufacturing techniques and designed
 processing devices.
 * Participated in the technical preparation of a large-sized steel
 structure production line which contributed immensely to
 national key projects, such as Tianjin Pipe Corporation and
 Tianjin Ethylene Plant.
 * Was responsible for designing many assembling and positioning
 devices for the Heat-Exchanger production line. The department
 received the Science-Technology Award of Excellence of SINOPEC
 in 1989. As a result of high quality products produced, the
 production line received the Tianjin City Award of Excellence
 in 1989.

 EDUCATION:
 * Diploma, Information Systems Programmer 1999
 CompuCollege School of Business, Burnaby, BC, Canada
 Courses completed:
 .Computer Essentials .Memory Management .Programming concepts
 .C .C++ .Java .VB .Access(SQL included)

 * Certificate, Grade 12 English (ESL) 1998
 Vancouver Community College, Vancouver, BC, Canada

 * Computer Study and Computer Science 1998
 Vancouver Community College, Vancouver, BC, Canada

 * Bachelor Degree of Engineering 1987
 Beijing Institute Of Technology, Beijing, China

 INTERESTS: Sports (Soccer devotee) and reading

 REFERENCES: Available upon request

 Details
   Desired Job Type:Full Time                     Location:CA-BC-Vancouver
  Desired Employment
               Type:Employee                      Relocate:LocalArea
             Degree:4 Year Degree              Will Travel:Up to 50%

         Experience:Less Than 1            Citizen/SecurityNo/No
                    Year                         Clearance:
 Contact
            Company:
              Email:tianjin97@hotmail.com
               Name:Wei Lin
              Phone:(604)708-3618
                Fax:
       Contact Type:Job Seeker
 Miscellaneous
         Categories:Computer
        Last Change:1999/07/19 20:39:04
