[Headhunter.net Homepage] [Find Jobs] [Find Resumes] [My Stuff] [Get Help]

  [Image]                              [Image]

Find Résumés : Résumé Details

Application Developer
 Stephen Pan
 #103-5350 Vine St.  Vancouver, BC  V6M 3Z8  (604) 267-0932
 pan@axion.net

 Objective:  To obtain a challenging position as an application
 developer in a progressive and innovative company, where my excellent
 technical, communication and interpersonal skills can be utilized.

 Education:  Applied Information Technology Diploma
 Information Technology Institute, Vancouver, BC  July 1999

 Bachelor of Science
 University of Alberta, Edmonton, AB 1992

 Work Experience:
 BC Telecom 1997-98
 SAP Project Clerk, Burnaby, BC
 ? Maintained efficient operation of a 200+ personnel office.
 ? Prepared monthly financial reports for employee budgets/wages.
 ? Created PowerPoint presentations for management team members
 that were used at Comdex 98 (Los Angeles).
 ? Tested/entered data for SAP R/3 modules.
 ? Received a BCTEL Team Recognition Award.

 Kamiyubetsu/Shimokawa Board of Education 1992-95
 English Teacher, Japan
 ? Prepared and taught English classes in the Japanese public
 school system (K-12).
 ? Translated documents/speech, judged English speech contests
 and organized international events.
 ? Proposed and actualized a 15 day tour of Western Canada to the
 town council.  Guided a group of 12 town dignitaries.
 ? Founded the sister-town relationship between Shimokawa,
 Hokkaido and Kenora, Ontario (continuing member).

 Painter’s Lodge/Anchor Inn Charter’s/River’s Inlet Fishing Lodge
 1986-92
 Sportfishing Guide, Campbell River, BC
 ? Provided guided fishing/sightseeing tours in the Georgia
 Strait area.
 ? Ensured guests’ safety and well-being for the duration of the
 tour (1-7 days).

 IT Skills & Experience:
 SAP
 Involved in a 2 year SAP R/3 implementation project at BC Telecom.
 Tested various modules (HR, SD, MM, PS, FI) for possible errors and
 security access clearance.  Flagged the transaction forms that had
 incorrect business rules and notified on-site SAP consultants.  Entered
 billing customers’ of BCTEL into the new SAP system.

 Visual Basic
 Developed a server-side business application using VB 5.0.  The job
 placement application was then posted to a web-site for virtual on-line
 use by implementing Active Server Pages.  Access was used as the
 back-end DB with updates made by using SQL.

 JAVA
 Developed an Explorer-based internet application using Java, JavaBeans
 and applets.  Redesigned previous internet applications by converting
 VB codes to Java script, Java applets and converted ODBC access to JDBC
 DB access.

 Oracle
 Implemented an enterprise tracking system application using Oracle’s
 3-tier, thin client, NCA over the web.  Using SQL and PL/SQL the DB
 objects were created.  The application was then deployed over the web
 using various components of Oracle’s Web Developer Suite 2.1.

 Windows NT Network
 Built and configured a Windows NT Server that hosted internet
 applications.  Connected the server to the internet using TCP/IP and
 configured IIS and MTS for security measures.

 Internet
 Created an outdoor adventure web presence prototype that was presented
 to a business related client.  The site required skill in the use of
 HTML, VBScript, Access,  FrontPage and the integration of ActiveX
 components and scripts. Currently developing a web presence for a
 Vancouver based cruise/tour company.

 Interests & Activities
 Avid outdoorsman.  Enjoy such activities as hiking/camping,
 fishing/hunting, snowboarding, golfing, and motorcycling.  Weight-train
 on a regular basis and have played squash at the provincial level.
 Further interests include cooking, reading, playing the piano (grade 9
 completed) and listening to all types of music.  When time permits,
 enjoy travelling and have visited over 20 countries to date.

 References:  Available upon request.

 Available Starting Date:  Immediately.

 Details
    Desired Job
          Type: Full Time                         Location:CA-BC-Vancouver
        Desired
     Employment Employee or                       Relocate:World
          Type: Contractor
        Degree: 4 Year Degree                  Will Travel:Up to 25%

    Experience: At Least 1 Year            Citizen/SecurityYes/No
                                                 Clearance:
 Contact
       Company:
         Email: pan@axion.net
          Name: Stephen Pan
         Phone: (604)-267-0932
           Fax:
  Contact Type: Job Seeker
 Miscellaneous
    Categories: Computer,Consulting,Financial,Internet,Telecommunications
   Last Change: 1999/08/05 02:51:09
