[Headhunter.net Homepage] [Find Jobs] [Find Resumes] [My Stuff] [Get Help]

  [Image]                              [Image]

Find Résumés : Résumé Details

System / Business Analyst
 JUDE PILLAI
 Tel: (604) 263-3860
 Email: jude_rp@yahoo.com

 204 - 8722 Selkirk Street
 Vancouver, BC V6P 4J4
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------

 PROFILE

 A creative problem solver with excellent analytical, accounting and
 managerial skills. Effective team player with extensive experience in
 project management and programming. Possess strong communication,
 organization and inter-personal skills.

 HIGHLIGHTS

 ? More than five years experience in systems analysis and programming
 ? Possess excellent knowledge of Business Administration and Management
 ? Conversant with different levels of hardware platforms such as
 mainframe, mini and networks
 ? Directed 4 major projects successfully within the time and cost budgets

 ? Proficient in Financial administration practices, procedures and
 controls

 TECHNICAL SKILLS

 Experience in working in the following environments along with trouble
 shooting, repair and assembly of PC systems

 HARDWARE - NEC Mainframe, IBM AS/400, UNYSIS 5000/95 Mini, PC Networks

 OPERATING SYSTEMS - OS/400, UNIX, MS Windows 95/NT, DOS

 SOFTWARE -RPG/400, C++, Visual Basic, HTML, Delphi, SQL, CL, Query/400,
 MS Access, FoxPro, dBase, SAP 90, Pascal, COBOL, MS Office software

 EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

 SOFTWARE ENGINEER
 Virtual Voice Inc, Vancouver, Canada Present
 - a software development company specialized in IVR systems

 ? Involved in requirement documentation, system development, database
 design and script writing
 ? Worked for the IVR system project for the UBC Rental, 1-900 numbers and
 other programs. The system is developed using C++, SQL and front-ends on
 Visual Basic with ADO, ODBC connectivity and ActiveX controls.
 ? Prepared system specification, user manuals and reference
 documentation.
 ? Developed the functionality for the accounting reporting modules.

 SYSTEMS ANALYST (BUSINESS SYSTEMS)
 Elf Atochem, Singapore 1997 - 1998
 -a French chemical company with worldwide operations

 ? Performed critical analysis of the business and managerial systems;
 interpreted and incorporated strategic business and marketing planning
 into the operational business systems development.
 ? Performed cost-benefit analysis, analyzed business and data related
 problems and proposed cost effective solutions; participated in planning,
 procurement and implementation of hardware.
 ? Coordinated the requirement analysis, system design and development of
 business systems covering the areas of distribution, logistics and
 finance. These systems run on AS/400 platform, LAN with Windows NT4.03,
 SNA for AS/400 emulation, and some user locations with Visual Basic front
 ends.
 ? Instructed 4 co-analysts to follow accepted accounting procedures.

 TEAM LEADER
 SYSTEM ENGINEER
 Computer Systems Ltd., Sri Lanka 1993 - 1997
 -a software house with IBM Business Partner status and authorized to
 re-market IBM systems including AS/400 systems

 ? Functioned as Systems Engineer and performed system sizing and
 configuration, system installation , performance tuning, trouble shooting
 and setting up application parameters
 ? Functioned as Analyst programmer and involved in coding, de-bugging and
 testing of RPG/400 codes and Query.
 ? Involved in customer requirement analysis, functional specifications
 and modular design
 ? Functioned as Project Manager/Team Leader and successfully implemented
 ERP packages for medium and large sized companies in the areas of
 Distribution/Logistics and Financials
 ? Functioned as person In-charge for technical documentation and user
 training

 MANAGER, MIS & ACCOUNTING
 JDC Group of Companies, Sri Lanka 1992 – 1993
 -a group involved in trading, manufacture and services of reprographic
 and computer products with $ 100 million turnover and 100 employees

 ? Performed organization analysis and re-engineered processes; developed
 MIS and sales system.
 ? Managed the computerization project within 80% of target time, and
 saved 18% of the total cost for JDC Group of Companies.
 ? Managed staff of the MIS section, resources and procurement and
 provided network support.
 ? Participated in planning sessions of the Marketing Action Group of IT
 Concepts (Pvt), a solely owned subsidiary of JDC Group.
 ? Delivered advice on accounting practices including certification and
 recommendation of tax payments. In doing so identified the erroneous rate
 of tax, which was practised mistakenly for years by the Industry and
 Inland Revenue officers, and saved the JDC Group and the Industry 10% of
 the corporate tax payable.

 EDUCATION

 Postgraduate Diploma in Computer Technology
 - University of Colombo, Sri Lanka - 1993
 Diploma in RPG/400 Programming
 - EDS Tech. Services Ltd., Sri Lanka- 1997
 Chartered Institute of Management Accountants, U.K
 - CIMA UK - 1990~
 Master of Business Administration
 - University of Colombo, Sri Lanka - 1996

 PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATION

 Computer Society of Sri Lanka
 Institute of Project Managers, Sri Lanka
 Sri Lanka Institute of Marketing (SLIM) - Member of Asia Pacific
 Marketing Federation (APMF)

 REFERENCES

 Available upon request.

 Details
 Desired Job Type:Full Time                       Location:CA-BC-Vancouver
           Desired
  Employment Type:Employee                        Relocate:Country

           Degree:Graduate                     Will Travel:Up to 50%
                  Degree

       Experience:More than 5              Citizen/SecurityYes/Yes
                  Years                          Clearance:
 Contact
          Company:
            Email:jude_rp@yahoo.com
             Name:Jude
            Phone:(604) 263-3860
              Fax:
     Contact Type:Job Seeker
 Miscellaneous
       Categories:Accounting,Computer,Internet,Management,Marketing
      Last Change:1999/07/26 19:00:27
