[Headhunter.net Homepage] [Find Jobs] [Find Resumes] [My Stuff] [Get Help]

  [Image]                              [Image]

Find Résumés : Résumé Details

Business Systems Analyst
 SANSERN ART PROMPIBALCHEEP
 5531 Lancing Rd., Richmond, BC V7C 3A4 Canada
 Home Phone: (604) 275-0071
 Email: art2509@hotmail.com

 OBJECTIVE
 To pursue a career in IT, MIS or Management where my knowledge and skills
 in Information Systems and Management can be fully utilized and advanced.

 SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
 Result-oriented professional with substantial experience and achievements
 in both managerial and operational functions. Possess solid knowledge and
 skills in technical and behavioral aspects of information technology and
 management. Enjoy dynamic and challenging responsibilities that demand
 significant amounts of creative and logical thinking, analytical
 problem-solving and interpersonal relations.

 COMPUTER & IT SKILLS
 Languages: C++, Java, Visual Basic, COBOL, Perl, HTML, SQL
 Platforms: Windows 95, Windows NT, UNIX, MS-DOS
 Applications: MS Office (Excel, Access, Word, Power Point), Oracle,
 Matlab, Arena, SPSS, CASE Tools, Netscape Navigator
 IT Knowledge:
 Object-Oriented Software Engineering Systems Analysis and Design
 Business Systems Modeling Database Management Systems (DBMS)
 Decision Support and Expert Systems Business Data Communication Systems
 Information Systems Project Management Transaction Processing Systems
 Neural Networks E-Commerce Web Server Technology

 CONTRIBUTIONS & ACCOMPLISHMENTS
 Computer and Information Systems
 * Provided technical assistance or tutorials in utilizing application
 software packages to more than 500 users (UBC's Business undergraduate
 and graduate students).
 * Identified system's requirements and facilitated the development of a
 journal's subscriber database system. The system was aimed at enhancing
 accuracy and up-to-date of subscribers' data and at improving
 communication with the subscribers.
 * Closely interacted and coordinated with the Continuing Education
 Program at Thammasat University for the development of its computerized
 accounting system.

 Management and Operation
 * Strategically managed academic and operational activities of
 undergraduate and graduate programs in Business Administration at
 Thammasat University.
 * Analyzed and evaluated the existing organizational structure of the
 Faculty of Commerce and Accountancy, Thammasat University and to
 recommend changes for improvement of efficiency of a new structure.
 * Coordinated a five-year master planning event of the Faculty of
 Commerce and Accountancy, Thammasat University. All proposed projects
 were approved with 90% - 95% proposed budgets granted by the upper
 management.
 * Organized and implemented a number of training and seminars in various
 aspects of Strategic Management and Marketing.

 Academic and Research
 * Directed and conducted a nationwide survey research of customer
 satisfaction for Telephone Organization of Thailand (budget of over
 $50,000). Frameworks developed in this research were later adopted as
 general prototypes for other research projects.
 * Wrote marketing strategy case studies of Philips (Thailand) Co., Ltd.,
 winning the 1994 Thailand Marketing Award's bronze medal.
 * Conducted a master's thesis research concerning the application of
 artificial neural networks (using the Matlab software) to enhance a
 managerial decision-making task.

 EDUCATION
 M.Sc. (Management Information Systems) University of British Columbia
 1999
 M.B.A. (Organization Management) University of Colorado at Boulder 1992
 B.B.A. (Accounting) Thammasat University 1988

 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
 1997 - 1999 Faculty of Commerce, University of British Columbia
 Support Technician, Personal Computer Lab (1997 - 1999)
 Provided hands-on assistance in solving technical and logical problems
 for personal computer users. Supervised the usage of all resources,
 including 60 PC workstations, to ensure their optimal utilization.
 Provided tutorials in using Excel and Access.

 Research Associate (1997 - 1998)
 Processed, analyzed and managed data collected from web-based
 questionnaires by utilizing several programming languages and application
 software packages. Updated and maintained the database of more than 500
 research participants and students, and other related data within the
 UNIX environment. Collected, analyzed and evaluated the activities and
 work flows generated by telephone requests from external clients of
 Workers' Compensation Board of British Columbia.

 1990, 1992 - 1996 Faculty of Commerce and Accountancy, Thammasat
 University
 Senior Lecturer of Management (1992 - 1996)
 Lectured courses in the Management discipline. Produced academic research
 and course materials. Advised 50 students throughout their four-year
 studies regarding their academic plans. Screened and interviewed more
 than 100 entering students each year for admissions into the
 undergraduate program.

 Associate Director of Editorial Board, Journal of Business Administration
 (1994 - 1996)
 Managed and controlled operation, production and budgeting activities of
 the journal. Edited, reviewed and approved academic articles and research
 published in the journal.

 Coordinator, Executive Development Programs (1993 - 1996)
 Developed, coordinated and implemented the training programs (generated
 about 35% of Faculty's total revenues), which provided training in
 management practices and skills to middle- and top-level executives.
 Successfully advertised the programs, each of which attracted more than
 500 applicants (admissions proportion of 7:1). Coordinated among more
 than 50 guest lecturers and 75 program participants in each batch.

 Administrative Committee, Graduate Business Programs (1992 - 1995)
 Planned, supervised and monitored both academic and administrative
 activities. Resolved strategic long-term issues, as well as daily
 emergent problems. Screened and recruited the most qualified students
 (approximately 150 students, annually) from the pool of more than 10,000
 applicants for admission into the graduate programs.

 Strategic Analysis and Planning Specialist (1990)
 Directed, evaluated and cooperated planning activities, including
 budgeting, for the 5-year strategic plans of all 23 divisions/offices
 (more than 40 projects) within the Faculty (budget of over $500,000).
 Prepared and organized vital information essential for decision-making
 and projects defending for the dean of the Faculty.

 1988 - 1990 School of Accounting, Bangkok University
 Lecturer of Accounting
 Lectured courses of Accounting and COBOL programming.

 Details
      Desired Job
            Type:Full Time                         Location:CA-BC-Richmond
          Desired
       EmploymentEmployee                          Relocate:World
            Type:

          Degree:Graduate                       Will Travel:Up to 50%
                 Degree

      Experience:More than 5     Citizen/Security Clearance:No/No
                 Years
 Contact
         Company:
           Email:art2509@hotmail.com
            Name:Sansern Prompibalcheep
           Phone:(604)275-0071
             Fax:
    Contact Type:Job Seeker
 Miscellaneous
      Categories:Accounting,Computer,Consulting,Entertainment,Management
     Last Change:1999/07/08 19:58:14
