[Headhunter.net Homepage] [Find Jobs] [Find Resumes] [My Stuff] [Get Help]

  [Image]                              [Image]

Find Résumés : Résumé Details

Software Engineer
 Mohit Verma 6730 Dow Avenue, #7, Burnaby, BC V5H 3C9,CANADA Phone: 604
 436-3190
 Summary
 Several years experience in UNIX/C/C++, Windows NT and software
 engineering. Proficient in several programming languages including C,
 C++, Pascal, and Ada. Experienced in full life-cycle development of
 software products. Experienced in software testing methodologies, Test
 Plan generation, automation tools. Excellent System administration skills
 on NT, UNIX, and Netware platforms. Excellent knowledge of
 UNIX , VMS, Windows NT/95, Netware, and Macintosh operating systems.
 Programmed on several platforms. Strong training, leadership and
 documentation skills. Experienced in Performance tuning of applications,
 web site development and maintenance using HTML. Strong skills in
 Artificial Intelligence and Applied Mathematical techniques. Excellent
 interpersonal and communication skills.

 Education
 Brandeis University, Waltham, MA
 M.A. Computer Science,1996.

 Washington University, St. Louis, MO
 B.S.(Double Major) Computer and Applied Science, 1989.

 Honors and Distinctions
 Awarded Merit Scholarship in Expert Systems
 Dean’s List Student
 Research/Teaching Assistantship

 Technical Skills
 Computer Languages: C,C++, PROLOG, LISP, PASCAL, ADA, CLPR, COBOL, BASIC,
 ASSEMBLY, HTML, SPSS, KORN SHELL, TEX, NROFF/TROFF, MOTIF, YACC,LEX,
 WINRUNNER, XRUNNER, SQL
 Operating Systems: UNIX(SOLARIS, SUN-OS, HP-UX, BSD, IRIX, AIX, LINUX),
 VMS, MS-DOS, WINDOWS NT/95, NETWARE, OS-9, NEXTSTEP, MACINTOSH, MVS
 Hardware: IBM, VAX, SUN, APPLE, NEXT, HP, MASPAR, SGI
 Databases:Sybase, Oracle
 Software: VISIO, MICROSOFT OFFICE, PROJECT 98, LOTUS

 Relevant Experience
 Mobile Data Solutions Inc. March 1999-Present
 Richmond, BC
 Verification Engineer: Currently working as Verification Engineer in the
 Telco and Cable group. Prepare a test strategy for each project and test
 plan, develop and maintain test cases, automate testing where
 appropriate, participate in system integration and testing to ensure
 proper coverage for risk reduction, participate in Y2K testing, prepare
 and maintain a test lab, prepare builds for projects prior to release to
 customers, work with in-house configuration management tools, and
 participate in the contract and customer document reviews.

 GTE Enterprise Solutions September 1998-December 1998
 Burnaby, BC
 Configuration Engineer: Configuration Engineer in the QA department.
 Responsible for developing Winrunner scripts for existing products and
 new releases, performing hardware and software benchmarks to ascertain if
 the contract requirements are met. Worked with network configuration
 tools. Lead the Performance team, interacted with the development,
 database management, system implementation and the product management
 team, generated/implemented new ideas to improve the system performance.
 Produced technical reports documenting the possible enhancements and
 optimizations.

 Knowledge Technologies International 1998
 Burlington, MA
 Release/QA Engineer: Worked with Quality Assurance tools(XRUNNER, Bug
 tracking tools) to test new products and new releases of in-house
 products on several UNIX platforms (IBM-AIX(4.2,4.3), HP-UX (9.05,10.20),
 SOLARIS(2.5, 2.6), SUN-OS(5.6), SGI-IRIX(6.2, 6.4, 6.5)). Worked closely
 with the developers to analyse the bugs and develop
 workarounds/solutions. Provided technical support within the group.

 Brandeis University 1998
 Waltham, MA
 System Administrator: Setup and Managed Windows NT LAN. Provided TCP/IP
 connectivity, internet access. Performed backups, upgrades of
 hardware/software as required by the network, group. Provided support,
 training and troubleshooting to users.

 Price Waterhouse LLP 1996-1997
 Boston, MA
 Senior Systems Analyst: Lead programmer for Executive Services-Personal
 Financial Products group. Key member of the software engineering team.
 Responsible for the full life-cycle development of several
 Financial Planning products for a variety of clients in a
 UNIX/C/C++/Sybase environment. Design, implement, test and debug the
 products as per client requirements and specifications. Responsible for
 the development of the Financial Planning reports using NROFF/TROFF.
 Intensively interact with the clients providing product support and
 ensuring client satisfaction.
 System administrator for Windows NT/Solaris LAN. Setup and manage the
 networks providing inter-network connectivity. Perform backups and
 provide technical support/training within the group. System Analysis of
 the system specifications, recommending any changes needed and training
 user/staff. Participated in System design which included database design,
 defining programming environment and other requirements. Responsible for
 selection and upgrades of hardware/software and peripherals. Prepare
 Technical Documentation for the Products/hardware. Worked with project
 management tools.

 Brandeis University. 1993-1996
 Heller Graduate School.
 Network Support Consultant: Setup and Administered Windows NT LAN.
 Provided Troubleshooting, Installation, other User Support. Selected to
 design and setup Local Web Site.Setup MS Mail Server.
 Data Analyst: Analyzed data for a research project using PARADOX and
 SPSS.
 Academic Computing Services.
 Consultant Programmer: Supported Faculty, Staff and Student users of
 Macintosh, PC compatible microcomputers, Netware and the VAX. Provided
 troubleshooting, installation, and technical support. Programmed in VMS,
 MS-DOS/Windows 95, and Macintosh environments.
 Rabb School of Summer, Special and Continuing Studies, Summer Odyssey
 Program.
 Instructor: Selected to teach an introductory Computer Science research
 course to academically gifted students. Directed students through their
 assignments and projects. Conducted exams, quizzes.
 Computer Science Department.
 Teaching Assistant: Taught several classes in Parallel Computing,
 Automata Theory and Logic
 Programming to undergraduate and graduate students.Evaluated assignments,
 exams and projects.
 Biochemistry Department.
 Programmer: Researched and Documented the RS/1 graphics package for a
 Biomedical Research Lab.
 Developed programs in RPL programming language to meet the specific needs
 of the Lab.

 Infratech Systems, New Delhi, India 1990,1993
 Sr. Systems Programmer: Wrote device drivers, developed communication
 interfaces, developed statistical packages. Programmed in C, Pascal and
 command languages in the Unix/MS-DOS environments. Promoted
 from Systems Programmer to Senior Systems Programmer.

 Delhi Institute of Technology, New Delhi, India 1993
 Instructor: Selected to teach an introductory course in Artificial
 Intelligence using the Lisp programming language to upper level Computer
 Science undergraduates. Conducted examinations. Directed student
 projects.

 Logic Programming Lab, School of Computing Science 1991-1992
 Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, BC, Canada.
 Research/Teaching Assistant: Researched the area of Constraint-Based
 Reasoning and Natural Language Systems using Prolog programming language.
 Consultant/programmer for Computer Science Lab; supported undergraduate
 users. Awarded a merit scholarship for expert systems.

 Computer Science Department, Washington University 1989-1991
 Research/Teaching Assistant: Researched and Documented the OS-9 operating
 system for the KUMON project. Wrote device drivers. Researched the area
 of Genetic Algorithms and its applications to Pattern
 Recognition. Consultant/Programmer for Computer Science Lab; supported
 undergraduate and graduate users. Evaluated assignments, exams, and
 projects for graduate and undergraduate computer science courses.

 Publications
 Technical Report 91-35, Department of Computer Science,Washington
 University

 References available upon request.

 Details
 Desired Job Type: Full Time                        Location:CA-BC-Burnaby
           Desired
  Employment Type: Employee                         Relocate:World

           Degree: Graduate                      Will Travel:Up to 50%
                   Degree

       Experience: At Least 3     Citizen/Security Clearance:No/No
                   Years
 Contact
          Company:
            Email: mverma@my-dejanews.com
             Name: mverma
            Phone: 604 4363190
              Fax:
     Contact Type: Job Seeker
 Miscellaneous
       Categories: Computer,Financial,Professional,Telecommunications
      Last Change: 1999/08/06 05:13:21
