---------------------------------------------------------------------------

         Murat Divringi  Bellevue, WA email: muratd@whitehot.com

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

 NOTE:  At the moment I am occupied  for the foreseeable future and am not
                     soliciting any offers. Thanks...

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Career Objective:

To use my goal-oriented problem solving , technical leadership and
management skills in a dynamic, growth-oriented software development
environment.

Summary of qualifications:

Over fifteen years of systems software product design and development
experience. Over seven years of hands-on technical management and program
management experience in a pragmatic company environment. Respected by
subordinates, peers and senior management as a strong and productive
technical leader. Diverse background, experience ranging from designing
technical product line strategies for networking products to designing and
developing real-time operating systems allowing me to consider multiple
facets of the issues while making day to day decisions.. Real-life tempered
knowledge of technical product management, business planning, project
management, operating system design, computer networks, real-time
event-driven systems, object oriented / reusable design, distributed
(client-server) applications design and implementation.

Experience:

WhiteHot Software Solutions, Bellevue, WA. April 95 - Current

Principal. WhiteHot Software Solutions is a provider of software
development management consulting services to organizations of various
sizes and backgrounds.

CacheFlow , Inc.  Redmond, WA. March 97 - Current

Development Manager.  Responsibilities include various aspects of
development, ranging from development and implementation of master test
plans to design and implementation of value-added features in the
high-performance proprietary HTTP accelerator product.

Neda Communications, Inc.  Bellevue, WA. June  96 - Current

Principal. Concentrate on the formation of Neda's various messaging
products, ranging from developer toolkits to turnkey messaging servers.
Manage the conception, prototyping and development of new connectivity
solutions for computer networks. .

InterConnections, Inc. (An Emulex Company) Bellevue, WA. Sep 87 - May 96

Director, Engineering. Manage the conception, prototyping and development
of new connectivity solutions for computer networks. Was a key contributor
in the process of selling InterConnections, Inc. to Emulex, Inc. of Costa
Mesa, Calif.

Within the last few years, managed the technical development of the Emulex
Entry into the Remote Access Server marketplace, creating a competitive
product in less than one year elapsed time, from conception to FCS (First
Customer Ship). The product has since been nominated as "innovative",
"easiest to use" and "best buy" by the industry reviewers.

Prior to Emulex acquisition, was the Technical Program Manager and Product
Line Architect for InterConnections' Novell NetWare Value Added product
line on VMS, Unix, NetWare, LanManager and MS­DOS/Windows platforms.
Conducted technical marketing and feasibility research, designed and led
the implementation/launching of several successful network connectivity
products, which, to date, brought in several millions of dollars of
revenue.

Responsible for the product line architecture and technical strategy as
well as providing strategic and technical guidance to the Marketing and
Sales organizations within the company. Attend technical conferences,
conduct interviews with large end users and system integrators, adjusting
product design, packaging and licensing strategies as needed to better
serve the customers' and company's needs. Regularly produce competitive
self-analysis studies and internally publish the results to keep the
company's products competitive in the long run. Conduct technical
discussions and negotiations with strategic partners and vendors.

Canberra Industries Inc. Meriden, CT. March 82- Aug 87

Senior Software Engineer. Designed and led the implementation of several
software systems, as well as hardware/software turnkey solution systems.
Functioned as a Consulting Engineer for the various Software Engineering
groups and the Marketing Department. Assisted the sales force as a
pre-sales Technical Consultant, joining the Regional Sales Managers during
their visits to various key customers. In the early days with the company,
actively designed and developed several software packages, as well as
preparing the documentation and performing internal training for the
software. Designed and implemented and documented a complete Radioactive
Material Management system which used the Ingres Relational Database
management system for data management. Also designed and developed various
VAX/VMS device drivers to drive the company's proprietary communications
hardware.

Education:

Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, NY. May 1986: M.S. degree in
Computer Science: Software Systems Design.

Bosphorus University, Istanbul, Turkey, July 1980: B.S. degree in
Industrial Engineering.

Other/Ongoing: Regular attendee of Interop, Comdex, various Microsoft and
Novell Developers' Conferences.

Personal Interests:

Reading, individual sports. Member IEEE, ACM and Usenix.

G-8729W
