                              JOHN V. EVERETT

 Home address available upon request    email address - see bottom of page

                               CAREER SUMMARY

Extensive executive experience in Information Systems management, with
particular strengths in Software Development, Telecommunications, and
Computer Operations. Industry background includes Retail Brokerage,
Financial Services, Cellular Telephony, Health Care Administration, and
System Software. Well versed in administrative, fiscal and personnel
management. Excellent leadership, organizational and writing skills.

                          PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

INDEPENDENT MANAGEMENT CONSULTANT               1993 - 1995, 1995 - Present
Technical management consulting primarily to software developers, systems
integrators, and service providers.

   * Developed technology portion of business plan for potential third
     party provider of processing to bank trust departments.

   * Performed organizational and process analysis of software engineering
     department for a developer of advanced system software. Managed
     product development during assignment and released a major new
     product.

   * Provided industry expertise to systems integration firm bidding on a
     large international cellular telephony software development contract.

   * Performed independent performance and capacity planning study of major
     financial services automation product.

RESOURCE INFORMATION MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS, INC., Naperville, Illinois    1995
A 28 million dollar developer of administrative software for the health
care industry.

Vice President, Software Development
Responsible for development and support of QicClaim and HealthFocus family
of software products.

   * Instituted major Software Process Improvement initiative based upon
     the Software Engineering Institute's Capability Maturity Model and
     Rummler-Brache work flow analysis methodologies.

TELESCIENCES CO SYSTEMS, INC., Moorestown, New Jersey           1992 - 1993
A 30 million dollar vendor of operation support equipment to the telephony
industry.

Vice President, Engineering
Directed development of CASS 3000, a billing and operation support system
for the cellular communications industry based upon relational data base
and multiple vendor client/server technology.

   * Successfully fulfilled contractual commitments made to major client,
     securing project milestone payments and continued support from client.

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC., Roseland, New Jersey           1974 - 1991
A multi-billion dollar international provider of computing and information
services.

ADP Brokerage Information Services Group, Mount Laurel, New Jersey

Vice President, Central Site Systems (1989 - 1991)
Managed departments responsible for development, support, and operation of
systems providing real time information to the retail brokerage industry
over a 70,000+ workstation network from multiple centers in the U.S. and
Europe. Hardware platforms included Digital and IBM Mainframes and PCs.
Operating environments included DEC VMS, IBM MVS/CICS, and Unix.

   * Consolidated development units from remote center. Provided
     alternative strategy for deinstallation and reinstallation of
     development systems saving $120K.

   * Instituted improvements in software reliability and recoverability
     working with major clients. Service availability levels were increased
     to over 99.6%.

Vice President, Network and Communications (1988 - 1989)
Oversaw staff responsible for development and support of wide area and
local area network and communications software on multiple hardware
platforms utilizing several communications protocols.

   * Managed development of an X.25 interface on IBM PS/2 and Convergent
     Technologies Megaframe. Responsible for evaluation and selection of
     source vendor, negotiation of vendor agreement, and project management
     of development effort.

ADP Network Services, Ann Arbor, Michigan

Vice President, Systems and Operations (1985 - 1988)
Managed system software development and operation of a large data center
consisting of DEC and IBM mainframes and minicomputers.

   * Consolidated operational and software development units from remote
     center resulting in expense reduction of $1.3M per year. Project
     completed ahead of schedule and under budget.

Director, Systems Development (1981 - 1985)
Directed departments responsible for development and support of Digital,
IBM, and Unix operating systems, associated systems software, and
programming languages.

   * Managed division-wide microcomputer development project involving
     hardware engineering, systems and product level software development,
     and market planning. Supervised hardware selection process and
     negotiated vendor agreements.

Manager, Operating Systems Development (1978 - 1981)
Headed department responsible for development and support of IBM and
Digital operating systems.

   * Integrated operating systems services provided by data centers in Ann
     Arbor, Michigan; Waltham, Massachusetts; and London, England.

ADP First Data, Waltham, Massachusetts

Supervisor, Operating Systems Group (1974 - 1978)
Responsible for development and support of Digital TOPS-10 operating system
in a remote computing services environment.

DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORPORATION, Maynard, Massachusetts           1966 - 1974

Systems Programmer
Developed several operating systems on multiple hardware architectures.

HONEYWELL EDP, INC., Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts             1965 - 1966

Systems Test Technician
Performed final assembly, test, and debugging of Honeywell H200 computers.

                                 EDUCATION

Union College, Schenectady, NY; Electrical Engineering (1964 - 1965)
New York University, New York, NY; Aeronautics and Astronautics, (1961 -
1963)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
With so many spammers now harvesting email addresses from web sites, I've
chosen to display my address as a graphics file.

                                  [Image]

                                                     Last Updated: 08/05/98
